I reallyenjoyed that movie.I love classics.Yeah, it was fascinating.The ending with the kidssinging and dancing?That one kid playingthe acoustic guitar?That was touching.Okay, you're right. I gottalearn the Portuguese language.Gotta be next onmy things-to-do list.-You should teach me.-Got no problem with that.Think that's our Uber.Yep, that's him.How's your day?Good.I'm starvin'.I can call our order in.You want pizza?Sure.Hi, I'd like to order a largepan pizza with green peppers,spinach, and sausage for pickup.Thank you.Is everything okay?Everything is fine.-Are you sure?-Are you sure you don'twant a slice of pizza?'Cause you keep staring.Yes, no?We don't mind.Besides, Tyler mouth ismuch bigger than his stomach.What? Really?I know you ain't talkin',Mr. I-Could-Eat-A-Whole-Cowbut really can only end upeating a small little mouse.Come on.Come here.Hey! Hey! Not that in my car!This makes no sense to me,this men kissing men stuff.It's not acceptablein my country!Good thing we're notin your country, are we?Why don't you justshut the hell up and drive?-Thank you.-Get out of my car!Look, we'll report you,you won't get paid,so I suggest you take uswhere we need to go.- I don't need your money!Get out! Get out!These boys...I am sick of youand your rainbow colors.-This guy got a bat?-What's-- what's he doin'?- He's walking over!- Get out of my car!- What's he about to do?- Get out!-What is he about to do?-Go, go, go!Stay behind me.This man is crazy!He's a bigot!No, no. No!No! No, no!No! No, no!Lola. I'm leavin'.Thank you, Your Honor.I rest my case.Mr. Eguasa, wake up.We don't have all day.-Uh...-Counsel, are you readyto give your closing statement?Yes I am, Your Honor.Your Honor, the Stategives a compelling case.Attorney Matthews here...quite captivating,now, wasn't she?Yes, she was.Well,I'd like for your brilliantminds to consider this.In the case of...Okay. Uh, schedule herfor tomorrow by 10:00.Awesome. Uh, thank you. Bye.Not now, Lola. Come on.- Not now.I didn't say anything!- Not now, okay?- What?Okay, what is it?She had you shook.Give her a few more years,and she's gonna be a beastto deal with in that DA office.Look,she wants to save the worldby putting away the bad guys.No problem. Give her some time.Once she has a taste ofChicago's political culture,she's gonna comerunning to us for work.-You better hope so.-I know so.I don't ever wanna see youlike that again.Remember who you are.You are David Eguasa.My father would'vehad a heart attackif he witnessed that.Yeah, I'm sure of it. But...your parents would be veryexcited to know that eventually,you'll make partner.- Amen to that.- Salud.Salud.What are wetoasting to this time?Mmm.Another one of Davidcourtroom victories.-Mm-hmm.-Although this time,he almost got thrashed."Thrashed"?-Yes.-Interesting word.But I doubt it.My boy has the wholefashion history maker.You guys want another?-The usual?-Yeah, you know what?Give us your best bottle ofCiroc and put it on David's tab.Where's everyone at?Everyone except Sokal,'cause that dude'ssupposed to be our friend.Every time he comes here,it's like he'sasking for discount.Ah, Sokal is always late.And he's cheap.Sokal's cheap whenit comes to supporting,but anytime we go anywhere else,he's happy to pay more.Crazy.Oh, here they go.-Hey!-Hey.Trina, we need a bigger table.Thanks.- Oh, my gosh.Another round after this!-I'm glad y'all having fun.-Mm-hmm.'Cause I'm just gonnaget right to it.Pay your bill. Tip the waiters.What are you talking about?Don't come at me like that.Nobody comin' at you like--Pay your bill, tip the waiters.-How's the comedy clubcoming along?-Good.-When's the official open?-Soon.-So you're giving usfree tickets?-Ah! Yes.I hate you, man. Like, what?How'd cheap-o over thereget a beautiful Liberian queenlike you?You're African royalty.- I know you have cousins.Oh... hook me up.Mmm. Well, you know what,I do have this one cousin.- Yeah?- Mm-hmm.And he, let me tell you--He? Oh! Whoa! Oh, no.That's what you get!'Cause we don't eventalk like that.Now, we have thousandsof languages and dialects.Which one are youpretending to do?The ones fromZamunda and Wakanda.-Yeah.-Let me get this right.So you'd rather thinkWakanda and Zamunda are real,-right?-Yes.-But I bet you don't even knowwhere Liberia is on the map,do you?-Not exactly.-Mm-hmm. Yeah.See, that, my Black brother,that don't make no sense to me.Preach, my queen.-Yes, baby.-"Preach, my queen.""Preach, my--"You from Hyde Park, bro.Hyde Park.-Such a hater.-"Preach, my queen."-David.-Yeah?So, Wakanda and Zamunda.Not real places?- They don't exist, bro.They ain't real.- What? Wow.- They ain't real.-We been hanging for a minute, you wasn't even gonna tell me.You got me out here looking--Yeah, okay, brother.Gosh, I can't believehe thought those were real.Leave the bottle here! Come on!Hey, Mum. Good morning.Good morning, my son.- How are you today?- I'm doing fine. Great day.Uh... where's Dad?Ah, you know your Dadlike to take his time.He upstairs. He be down shortly.-Okay.-Something wrong?-Oh, no. I'm fine.-Okay.-Hey, son!-Pops.-Good morning.-Yes. Good morning.And how are youand things at the office?-Couldn't be better.-Is that a goodor bad thing, David?Is what's-her-name-- Roth--is she treating you well?I know they were consideringyou, and by now, they shouldhave made you partner.Well, they're still considering.Hmm.Anyway, um, what's new?I don't know, David.I'm reading newspapers,and when I'm done,I will tell you.What is it?What's on your mind? Speak up.Now that I wonmy last three cases,things are lookingpretty good for me.Do you know Black peopleonly make up 4% of lawyersin the United States?I can't even tellhow many of them make partners.David...we are so proud of you.However, we are not surprised.But you knowthat we are Nigerians now,and so we expectthe best from you.Abi?As for that 4%...3.9, that's us now.Ah!- Thanks, Dad.- Yes.Great!We will celebrate this weekend.I will makeyour favorite pepper soup.Oh, that sounds great, Mum.Thanks.Ah, I will invite the Woodtorsand their beautiful daughter,Bendu.-You remember her?-Well, I'd like to invite Lola.She loves you guys.Lola? David.You need to be witha Nigerian woman like Bendu.Henry, talk to your son now.David. Counselor.Dad.Now thatyou are winning cases,perhaps it's timethat we should discussthe 20 millionI've invested in you.20 million?You mean in naira or dollars?- David. You got jokes now.- I'm just asking, Dad.We are in the US,and you're talking about nairas?I will be expecting20 million US dollars from you.Okay, you mean Liberian dollars.That was a good one.That was a good one.Bendu is smart and respectful,and she understandsour traditions.- Thanks, Mum.- All right.You're welcome, my son.David.Do you want me toinvite Bendu over for dinner?Mmm, mmm.This is good. It's really good.-What? What's wrong?-Hold on, it's David.Hey.Yeah. I'll grab it for you.Okay. I'll see you later.-All right, let's go.-Wait. You'll grab it for him?What are you talkin' about,Lola?Every day we're out heretrying to keep our bodieslookin' right,all the cute guystrying to holler at us,and obviouslyyou stuck on David.Girl, stop making yourselfso available to himand let him chase it.Look, I am not stuck on David.I thought we'd beenthrough this already!David and I are-- are--- It's complicated.- Yeah, okay.-And I don't alwaysmake myself available to him.-Yes, you do.Girl, every time he calls,you stop and answer.If you want himto appreciate you,let him appreciate you,so you guys can becomea real couple.Send him to voicemail.We do work together.Okay, well,what did he want this time?He asked if I couldstop by the storeand grab some milk.What? Grab him some milk?God, does he want youto get some cereal, too?He's allowing me to stay at hisplace until my bathroom is done.-That's the least I can do.-Okay, Lola.I am not about to acceptadvice from a womanwho doesn't have a man.Oh, I don't have a manbecause I have too many menchasing me.-Oh?-Uh-huh.-Sam seems to like you.-Ew. No.Ew? Sam is attractive!Girl, Sam is goofy.Real goofy.That makes the two of you.Come on, let's go.-Lola.-Santiago!-How are you?-I'm good.-You good?-Yeah.I remember you from college.-Aja. Aja. How are you?-I'm good.-You good?-Yeah.And my girl here, she's single.- Girl!-I just-- Since you guys already know each other.When are you gonnacome over to good side?I always said you woulddo well as a prosecutor.Good side. That's interesting.I think I'm pretty comfortableat private practice.-Are you comfortable?-It's David.-What? Really?-Mm-hmm.-You still hangin' on to David?-Yeah,she said he's just a friend.That's becausehe is just a friend.I'm playing socceragainst that guy's team.-Ah!-Tomorrow.-Oh.-So now he's "that guy."-Wow. Okay.-He's just so insignificant.I always forget his name.What is it?Davido-- Kunta. Kente!-Wow, shots fired.-Shots fired.-It's David.-David!-Uh-huh.-David. That's his name, David.I defeated him in courta few times. How couldI ever forget his name?-That's funny,but you're real petty.-I am petty, ain't I?Listen, uh, these musclesain't gonna grow themselves.I gotta go. Gotta stay fitfor the courtroom,and maybe dinner with you?Yeah, uh, 7:30 p.m.,Friday night.- I can give you her address.- Girl!- Your number still the same?- Yes. Uh, 555-6830.- Aja!- I'll be giving you a call.You look so good.I'ma call you.- Damn! He is fine.- Oh, my God!- Yes, he is.- I want her so bad.Let's go, fellas!Oh, oh, oh, oh!Oh!All right, dude.- The ball.- Let's go!There we go.Now y'all playing! Let's go!- Hey, hey, hey. Come on now.- Now y'all are playin'!Whoa!Oh, fuck!You good, boy?Come on, bud.Let's get up.- What happened, boy?- It's on.He so petty.What?- Did-- did Davidjust step over Santiago?Yes. Yes, he did.Wow. Yeah.He so petty.The both of them are petty.Both.Yeah.Here you go.Thank you.You're welcome.I know you're a busy manand all,but your laundry is piling up.Do you wanna help me?I appreciate youfor letting me stay here,but I am not your maid.- I never said you were.- But you act like it.What you doin' out herewith all this ass?Seriously?Get off your dang phone.-I'm just replying to mail.-I don't care.If it's not work-related,I need your undivided attention.Oh. Like the attentionyou're giving to Santiagoat the soccer game?Yeah, I saw that.What was that about, though?You and Santiagoare like two petty females,and it's not attractive at all.Whatever.Are you jealous?Jealous? Of course not.I'm just concerned aboutthe kind of company you keep.Oh, so now you'reconcerned about me.How's your knee feelin'?Better.It looks good.So, when is your placegonna be ready?Are you ready for me to leave?Can I have my phone back?No.Instagram will be therein the morning.Come on.Thanks for checking in.Mm-hmm. Okay.Knock, knock. Folder.Oh, come here.- Thank you.- You're very welcome.Um, Mrs. Roth will wanna see youin the conference room.- Okay, I'll be there in five minutes.-Okay.- So, I sign here?- Hey.Um, rumor has it that this casecan make you a partner.Congratulations in advance.David Eguasa hereis our number one guy,but he doesn't winwithout Lola Henderson,-also one of our very best.-Good morning.David, Lola,thank you for joining us.Mr. and Mrs. Denghave been referred to usby our very good friend,the mayor.I'm gonna pull your other casesso that you can give themyour undivided attention.-They're from Africa.-Uh, we are from Uganda.I know Uganda.Their sonis fighting deportationbecause of an unlawfulfirearm conviction.Allow me.I don't knowwhat got into my son.I don't understand this,because he has never exhibitedany type of violent behavior.He is a well-mannered young man.I am sure he was provoked.So your son shot an Uber driverduring an altercation?Look,my son Eric is no criminal.There has to bea reason for this.I don't understandwhy he had a gun.Well, it seems like Erichas had multiple offensesinvolving a firearm.His first was bringinga loaded gun to schoolhis sophomore year,and his second was possessionof a loaded, unregistered weaponon the armrest of his vehicle.Let's start at home, Mr. Deng.What do you do for a living?Um, me and my wifeown an import-export businesshere in Americaand in Kampala, Uganda.My family is very well-respectedin the community.We help others startand maintain their businesses.In our culture,it is not right to do welland not help the village.We take our responsibilityvery seriously.This is why I specificallyrequested for you.We're a team.So, your son, Eric.Is he involvedin the family business?Yes, he is.He's the onethat built the website.He has been distributing flyersfor the business all over town.He's even part of the peoplethat organize the food driveevery year.He's passionateabout helping people.What about school?Um, what kind of gradesdoes he get?Is he, um-- Does he get alongwith the students, teachers?Does he involve in sports?Oh, what does this have to dowith defending my son?Mr. Deng,what I'm trying to understand iswhat could have caused this,uh, uncharacteristic behaviorin your son.You know,what could have triggered himto want to make such a decision,to buy a gun and use it.- Who's on trial here?- It's his style.But, David,just let up a little bit.My son was a very good student.Top of his class.Mr. Deng, here's whatwe're trying to understand.The man handlingthis prosecution is an animal,so we need to knoweverything about your son Eric.The size of his shoe,where he lives, when lasthe went to a strip club.Does he have a girlfriend?My son does no such thing.Well, does he have a girlfriend?Not that we know of.See, Mr. Eguasa,we are going to make surethat you have everything thatyou need to win this case,but my son cannotgo back to Kampala.Mr. and Mrs. Deng,we will do everything possibleto defend your son.Ah! I figure that's the reasonyou wanted two plate.One with extra jollof.-That is not acceptable.-What isn't?The extra plate of jollof?I'll slap you across your head.Mum, I don't get this.Lola and I have been friendssince high school.Then, you didn't complain.Why now?Because your father and Iwanted you to have fun.You wasn't ready for marriage.Can't believe I'm havingthis discussion with youabout a girl, an American girlwho loves your jollof rice.David! She doesn't knowhow to even cook jollof.And I'm your mother.And I don't understand.And you know your father.He would definitelynot understand.Wasn't it you and Dad who toldme to go after what I wanted?Don't twist our encouragementto justify your behavior.Oh, so that only appliesto when I'm doingwhat you guys want me to do?-What, David?-Mum, for crying out loud.Lola might just bemy long-lost cousin.Maybe we should doa 23andMe test to just,you know, clarify.Who knows?Stop laughing.This is not funny, David.Your decision willaffect our family.What would people think?You know what, Mum?My food is getting cold.-Mmm.-I'll see you later.-Mm-hmm.-Let's just sayLola and I are friends.Hmm?-Friends?-Yes, friends.- David.- Save that stuff for me, okay?Love you."Friends." Hmph.Who does the boy think I am?Hmm?Hey.Man, I say hey.Huh?You-- you talkin' to me?I sure as hellain't talking to myself.I'm fine. How are you?Locked up.It'll get better.Considering ourcurrent situation,it has to get better.So what happened, man?How'd you end up in here?- My Uber driverattacked me and my friend,so I pulled out a gunand I shot him in the leg.In the leg?The same old story.Now let me guess.The cops didn't bother askin'for any witnesses, right?Yeah, you-- you'll be good, man.Long as you gota concealed carry,you'll beat the casewith self-defense.It's a little bitmore complicated than that.- Oh?- No concealed carry?Man, they're tryin' todeport me for some shitthat wasn't even my fault.I can't go back to Africa, man.-They'll---They'll what?Shit, man, I wish I was Africaninstead of the facingthe time I'm facing here.You lucky.Let the judge give me a choicebetween Africa and jail.I'd be walkin' through there,putting my finest dashiki,dancin' like a Zulu warrior.Why are you here?Ah, man. Forgot to paya traffic violation.Judge issued a warrantfor my arrest.Man, SWAT team came to my house,like, 100 deep.Really?A hundred police officers?I'm just playin', man.It was just this one littlefine little dime piece, man.Came in, threw the cuffs on me,and locked a brother up.Moms was crying,'cause, you know,they lockin' her baby up.Geez.I'm so sorry to hear about that.So, how long you infor this traffic violation?Couple hours?Maybe out in the morning.Never mind.-Hey, girl, what's up?-Hey, ma. What's up?Nothin' much.What's going on with you?Well, my fiancé and I......are about to go doour wedding registry.Wait, y'all still coming over?Did you reallyjust call to ask me that?Of course I will see you later.-Hey.-Oh! David's here.I'll call you back.All right.Talk to you later. Bye.Sorry I'm late.I was on the phone with my mum.-Oh, just talking to your "mum"?-Silly.-So, check this out.-Yeah.I was going over the case.I think he hasan obsession with guns.Plus, like you, he loves Africa.Goodness, all you ever talkabout is how beautiful it is.What's your point, Lola?Why is he so adamant aboutnot being deported back?And don't say because this isthe land of the milk and honey.Like,I need to know exactly why.Well, 'cause he's been heresince he was ten.Okay, but he's neverbeen back to visit.His parents have, but whywould they leave him behind?Lola, look.Nobody wants to bedeported from the placethey know and call home.Technically, he's American.No, technically,he's still from Uganda.And that's exactly whythe system wants to deport him.Listen. His parents paid usa lump sum of moneyto prevent that from happening.-So let's play ball.-David.-Yes, Lola?-Look,if you look over the case,you'll see that every timehe's caught carrying a gun,he's always ina particular area.So what are you saying?Okay.This is exactly why you need me.I'm extremely detailedand very observant.This guy graduatedthe top of his class,he comes froman extremely wealthy family,and he's only hadone girlfriend his entire life.And?And? Is his girlfriend American?Like,why is he keeping her a secret?We need to getto the bottom of this.Okay.You have a point there.Sorry, let me get this.It's Sam.Well, let me get this, okay?-You havea good point there, though.-Mm-hmm.Hey, bro. What's up?Yo, David.I've been thinking, bro.You know, my grand opening'sin a few days.I got a good idea.I think we shouldtell Lola to invite Aja.Listen to this.Well, I think Aja has herunique plans to come already,but you want to send hera special invitation, right?David.Do you have me on speakerphone?- David, why do you have meon speakerphone, bro?Why do people do that?Hey, Sam.I wanna come to the club!Take me off speakerphone, bro.Take me off. Right now.These are the filesyou can go through.-Are you good?-Yeah, I'm good.Take me off, man.Take me off speaker phone.Sam. Come get me.I'll call you later, bro.-Leaving already?-Yes.- Where you going?- To the club. Bye.I just got here.Myself with that one.- Oh!- Mm-hmm.- Okay.- Mm-hmm.Not bad.It's my little place, you know.Okay, Sam.Yep.Wait till I turn the lights on.I see you.You could havetook the chair down for me.Oh, you got it, sis. You got it.I'm strugglin'.There you go.Yep.It's gonna be good.Sam...why is David so confusing?Why is David so confusing?He's not confusing, he's...quite simple,actually, like most men.You're justtoo emotionally attached.- Explain.- I just did.-Why does he treat melike I'm one of the fellas?-Because that's what you allow.I'm not about to tryto control a grown-ass man.No, you can't control David,but you can controlhow you respond to him.It's just aboutsetting up boundaries.-Boundaries.-Boundaries.Look, enough of you and David.What's up with Aja?-You really wanna know?-I asked, didn't I?I may have mentionedthe fact of you two together.Yeah? What'd she say?She said"Ew.""Ew"?-The hell is thatsupposed to mean?-Google it.I mean, I know what it means,but what she mean by "Ew"?I-- I mean,I guess she's not interested.What?I don't want her big head ass.No way.Honestly, she saidyou can't handle all that.Oh. So she must not knowI'm bow-legged.-That doesn't mean anything.-It does over here.-Oh, my gosh.-Oh, man.-I'm not chasing her.I'm the catch.-Oh?-Yeah.-Well, you know this isAja we talkin' about,so you might wannaput on some running shoes.Yeah.I'm just messin' with you.Look, go aheadand make me a drink, please.Okay, what you want, girl?-Something nice and sweet.-Nice and sweet.With cranberry juice.Oh, give me the bottle, please.-Cranberry, okay.-And what kind ofchasers do you have?You know what?We're out of ice and chasers.-No cups, chasers.-Oh, my gosh! What kind ofestablishment is this?Gotta take a shot from here.Let's go. Come on.- Okay, ride the boat. Come on.- Oh, there we go.- Oh, okay.- Stupid.I'm thinkingsomething light.- Okay.- Nothing too heavy.Well,just so you ladies know,the colors aregonna be purple and gold.- Ooh, purple and gold.- Perfect.Look who just walked in likethe world revolves around her.Oh, you know, just wanted togive you a daily reminderof who's the baddest, you know?-I'm a ten.-Okay, whatever.Look, did you allfinish the website?Because we need itdone by the 25th.-Yes.-I need to send out the invites.-Yes.-The website.Relax. I got this.She acting likethis her own wedding.Excuse me. You relax.I just wanna make sure thatthis is the perfect weddingfor my friend.You come in here,cursing everybody outin Swahili.I bet you bringthat Italian guy to the wedding.Actually, he's Greek.-Ooh?-Yes.Oh, so you just gon' colonizean African wedding?Right.Actually, Aja, maybe I won't.I think I just mightcall up Dave.Dave is single, right?Okay, because I was under theimpression that it was Lola---yes, Lola---No....who was in queuewaiting for Daveto get it right.-No?-No, it's not.You don't know the secrets.Girl, Lola's actuallyseeing somebody named San Diego.- Santi who?- His name is Santiago.It's pronounced Santiago.And I'm not seeing him. Yet.Girl, he is exotic.-Ooh.-And he speaks fluent in Englishand Spanish, and he's a lawyer.- Ooh, girl.- And his shoe size? On point.Mmm! And his teeth?His teeth werestraight and white.When I tell you ladies,this man is fine.-Fine. Mmm.-Ooh.So you mean there'ssomeone other than Davethat has Lola's attention?-Mm-hmm.-Okay, Lotten,what is up with all this shade?Oh, she's throwin' all thatshade because she's just madthat she's notthe maid of honor."Oh, she just mad'cause I'm not--" No.Actually, she's my sister.And she's promised me sincewe were kids in Liberia, right?Right, Lotten.Oh! Y'all, did I tell you thetime I dated this African guy?I dated himand he kept breakin' up with mefor, like, years.That's 'cause he saidI didn't know how to cookAfrican food.'Cause I kept makingsteak tacos for him.I told him, "You know what?Just pretend like you Mexican."- But, then he came back,he started dating me again.Guess what I startedmaking for him?- What?- Fufu.- Fufu?- Yes.What? Girl, you made fufu?And I learned howto quickly make me some fufu.- Oh, yes.- That would do it.-Mm-hmm.-Mmm! Cheers to fufu.Yeah, fufu! I need to learnhow to make some fufu.-Fufu!-Fufu!Fufu!Yes.Alexa,how do you make pepper soup?Here's what I found on the web.Pipefish and broth.Maybe I should spell it.Alexa, P-E-P-P-E-R soup.Pepper soup.Pipefish, uziza leaves, ehuru seeds, Scotch bonnet,-uda, crayfish, ginger,chili, onion...-You gotta be kidding me.-...fennel, tamarind pulp,cloves.-Alexa.Does Campbell'smake a pepper soup?- No.- Oh, no.Hey! There you go!Good evening, everyone,good evening.Welcome to the world-class,the world-famousRiddles Comedy Club.This is our opening.It took a lot to get me here,but we're here.Wanna say "What's up"to my homie David.I see you in the crowd, man,the whole gang over there.My good buddy Sokal.I'm sure he just snuck in herebecause he's cheap as ever,but... I still appreciatethe support, you know?Who here has kids?Man, bro, I was almost late.I was babysitting my nephew,and, like, these new kidsare different.He's allergic to juice.And iPads, right?That's, like-- that's his thing.So, you know back in our day,if something was wrongwith the game,you blow in the cartridge,you spray the Nintendo, Sega.Not these new kids, man.If the iPad turns off,he goes crazy.It's like he wasn't bornwith an umbilical cord,he was born with an iPhonecharger or something, right?It's nuts, so. I don't know.I don't thinkI'm gonna have kids.How's the pandemic been treatingy'all? Like, post-pandemic.Everyone been coolpost-pandemic?My pandemic was okay,but post-pandemic's been weird.I've been having,like, a lot of bad sex.I mean, a lot of bad sex.I don't know what's the cause ofit, so I told a buddy about it.He was like, "Man,you gotta get some sea moss.Black people are crazyabout sea moss right now."So I went over onMadison and Pulaskiand bought some sea moss,and, um... it was jerk sea moss.Yeah. It tastes good,but it didn't work at all, so.I'm still having bad sex.But anyway,I don't wanna keep you all day.Wanna bring on this comicwho's a lot funnier than me,so put your hands togetherfor comedian Correy Bell!Y'all keep it goingfor my buddy Sam here.Jerk sea moss?Keep your day job, buddy.This is...not really good for you.- Everybody good? You guys good?- Yeah.Yeah. Sam was talking aboutthe pandemic, and you know what?I-- I know that the pandemicis not over, but I'm over it.Like, I'm over these masks.I-- Like, I'm havingtoo many issues with 'em.I had an issue the other day.Look, I'ma tell y'all, 'causeit's only--only us in here,and y'all not gon' tell nobody.Anybody ever...- man, you ever sneezedin your mask?- Okay!- -Like, that is the wor--Like, you can'tget it down fast enough.Like, it is the absolute worst.The other day,I was goin' in the store,and I was gettin' readyto walk right into the door,and before I knew it,I couldn't get my mask down,and I sneezedright inside my mask.I didn't know whetherI should be happy,or sad, or cry, or be angry.But I did what any human beingin my position would do.I flipped it inside out, okay?I'm protectedon the inside of this mask.This nasty virus was onthe outside of that mask,all right?I walked right in the store.Hey, ain't got nothingto do with me.I'm protected. All right?And it's crazybecause I've been dating.I've been dating a lot.Anybody else dating?Like, dating is great.The hardest partright now about dating- is that my husbandkeep finding out.And I don't know whokeeps telling him aboutmy Tinder profile,my Plenty of Fish,but I wish y'all would stopsnitchin'. Like, seriously.I keep planning these dates. Hekeeps showing up with flowers.Like, something has got to give.I mean, I need the worldto open back upreally, really quickly.You playtoo many games with me.How do you meanI'm playing games with you?You know I'm not a mind reader.I never saidyou were a mind reader.I have and know howto articulate my feelingsvery well.You think you know howto articulate your feelings,but you don't.You always want me to guess.- David, you are full of shit.- How am I---Full of shit?-Yeah.I have bled my heart out to you.But you ignore it. Why?Because when it comesto your parents,you bow down to them.Whoa, whoa.Just relax, okay, Lola?Don't laugh at me.I'm not laughing at you.I'm laughing with you.I'm not laughing.When we go toyour parents' house,you make me sitand wait in the car.When before we introduced sexinto this mess of a friendship,I used to go insideall the time.Lola, look.I don't want my parentsin our business.David, admit it.You're afraid thatif they see how you look at me,they would disown youfor falling in lovewith a Black American woman.Come on, now.It's not that deep, okay?But it is.David, I love you.I loved you ever sincewe first met in college.You're blindif you can't see that.I care about you.You care about me?Wow.Where you going?To love youfrom the couch tonight, David.-Lola, come on.-Good night!Lola.Come on.Ready, David?Mr. Deng,my name is David Eguasa.Here's my colleague,Lola Henderson.Your parents retain our servicesto represent your case.Great.It's nice to meet you guys.So, your parents painted youas this perfect young man.We need your help to paintthe same picture to the court.Can you do that for us?Eric, what's your fascinationwith guns?-My fascination with guns?-Yes. Your fascination.It's a long story.Well, we have about an hourto speak with you.I spent a lot of timebeing bullied.Eventually,I just grew tired of it.For some reason,the African-American didn'tlike me because I was African.They said I was too arrogant.And of course,the white kids didn't like mebecause I was Black.I was fine until it got violent.- Violent?- I was attacked.- For being African?- Where are you from?- Nigeria.- Raised?Between here in the Statesand Nigeria, yes.So you know what I mean.Well, I was neverphysically attacked.Well, maybe 'causeyou're a lot tougher than me.Eric, when did youstart carrying guns?One day after school,a couple of kidsdecided they wanted tomake me their punching bag.But I wasn't having it.The first boy approached me,and I hit himbefore he could hit me.That's when they all jumped inand attacked me.After that,I decided I wanted to get a gun.So, were you physically injured?Did your parentsnotice anything?Black eyeand bruises all over my body.When I got home,I simply told my parentsthat I tried outfor the football team.- Soccer.- Yeah.That made my dad proud.After that, I purchased a gunand kept it in my bag.The rest is in my file,I'm sure.Did you ever havea girlfriend in school?- A girlfriend?- Yeah.Someone who we may useas a character witness,or someone who may have beenthere during one of the attacks.'Cause I was lookingthrough your file,and I don't see anyone.It was just alwaysyou and some guyfighting the bullies.No. No one special.They want to deport youback to Uganda.-I-- I can't go back there.-What if that'snot what you want?We're gonna need your help tomake sure that doesn't happen.- Well, what do I need to do?- Be honest with us.I am being honest with you!Okay.Okay.Good morning,ladies and gentlemen.We're here todayto decide the caseof the United States Governmentvs. Eric Deng.Counsel, have you preparedyour opening arguments?- Yes, I have, Your Honor.- Let's hear it.- Let's get this show on the road.- -Okay.Your Honor, every day,immigrants have been deportedback to their home countries.Oftentimes, these peopledon't even know their way home,because they've lived in Americaand haven't traveledback home for years.Some can't even speakthe language anymore,because they're fully integratedinto the American way of life.While some don't even haveliving relatives back home.But with your help,we can save Ericfrom experiencing this fate.He moved to the Stateswhen he was a preteen,and has been a productivecitizen of the United Statesup until his recentfelony conviction thatwe'll explain in detail.I am sure we can all relateto Eric's experience,because sometimes in our lives,we are facedwith making decisionsthat change the direction,the course of our lives.Eric made one mistake.He believed he wasdefending a friend.But now, he's facedwith being taken awayfrom the place he calls home.I hope that you can makethe best decision in this case.Thank you.Thank you for this time,Your Honor.Fine people ofthis great countryare called to duty once again.And it is our civic duty to doour part in helping keep Americathe safest place in the world.Unfortunately,there are somewho slip through the cracksand wreak havoc on our streets.Eric is one of those peopletaking the freedoms thatwe fight for, for granted.Now, if this had beenhis first run-in with the law,we wouldn't be standing here.Hell, if it was his second,we wouldn't be here.But the fact of the matter is,this is his third run-in.When is enough enough?All of Eric's offensesinvolves a weapon,and now he has shot someone.Do we want to give him a chanceto kill? Absolutely not.There is no justificationfor this young man's behavior.He has proven,time and time again,that he does not belongon American soil.We must do what is rightfor American citizensand deport Mr. Dengbefore he wreaks any more havocon our streets,on our American soil.Eric is part of the decaythat we see each and every day.Thank you.I wonder whatthe judge's verdict is gonna be.Well, um,I don't think what he did was,like, really extreme.-I think it's gonna be fair.-Yeah.I guess we gotta see.-How's your sandwich?-Mmm.It's good.-How's yours?-Mmm.All rise.Be seated.Eric, you seem like a good kid,with very loving parents,and I'm not surewhy things continueto go wrong in your life.Unfortunately,you have an obsession with guns,and this was takeninto consideration.And the court's decisionis to move forwardwith this deportation.This is based on the penal codecount 8 USC, 1227 (a)(2)(c).According tothe United States government,you've now been issueda deportation order.You will be releasedto Immigration and CustomsEnforcement agents,and you will remain intheir custody until this orderis enforced, Mr. Deng.You have the rightto file an appeal withthe Board of Immigration Appealsin the next 30 days.-Do you understand me?-Yes, Your Honor.Court is adjourned.Lola's across the street,filing for an appeal.I've been to Uganda before.-Oh, really?-Mm-hmm.-It's beautiful.-It's very beautiful.-Nothing like you seeon American television.-I'm telling you.You know,I tell them all the time,"Listen, this is notthe Africa I grew up in."You know, it's different.Eric,what's the relationshipbetween you and Tyler?- I'm sorry, it's just that--- Listen, Eric.I need to know everythingso I can stopthis deportation order.Deportation...I was ten years oldwhen I left Uganda.I still rememberthat to this day.- I had no ideawhy we had to leave.I cried so hard.I love it so much.I miss it so much.-But I can't go back there.-Why can't you go back?Hmm?Why can't you go back, Eric?My parents are gonna hate me.Talk to me, Eric.Why can't you go back to Uganda?- Because...- Because what?Because...Tyler's my boyfriend.Guard?Let's go.David? You okay?Eric is gay.That was whythe Uber driver attacked him.A hate crime.-Self-defense.-Exactly.Bring in that Uber driveror anyone that witnessedthe altercation.Lola's on it already.- The driver?- We're on it.Hey. Have some good news for me?Uh-oh. I know that look.-Mm-hmm.-What is it now?-You know what it is.-What?You know,preparing for Comfort's weddingjust has me thinkingabout our situation.Whoa, whoa, whoa.Just slow down now, Lola.-Where you going with this?-Don't make mepour this coffee on you.I thought I got youhot chocolate.Hot chocolate, coffee,it's the same thing.David, not to sound cliché,but I deservea wholesome relationship.A man who loves me.You know I'm not out heresleeping around.We've been back and forthfor so many yearswithout a real commitment.Professionally, we're great.You're my best friend.Come on. All the other couplesthat we've been around, they saythat those are the key elementsof keeping sparksin their relationship.Dude, I feel like I practicallybeg you to be with me.Like, what is it?Like, look at me!I am sexy as hell.I deserve more than this.Yeah.You deserve more than this.Now, what is it?I mean, is it someone else?If so, just tell me.If so, just tell me!And let me do me.Yeah.When you haven't said anything,that's exactly why you alsohaven't committed, too.Lola, look.I have a lot of thingson my mind right now.I mean, we just lost a case.This guy is about to bedeported back to Uganda.And if he does,he's gonna be killed.Kill-- What do you mean,killed, David?-Eric is gay.-Duh.I swore an oathto defend this guy,only to find out that he's gay.Like, I don't even knowwhat I'm doing right now.I don't know what to do.-Like, if it was in my country---In your country, David?Newsflash:it's your job and your dutyto defend that young man,despite whateveryour traditional beliefs may be.Look me in my eyeand tell me that you're okaywith allowinganother young Black man dying.Of course I'm not okay with it.Good. I know you.You're so damn sexy right now.Oh, my gosh,you get on my nerves.Lola...I really do love you.That's the first timeyou ever told me that.I said it a couple of times.-I don't recall.-Through my actions.-Really?-Yeah.David...Look. Thank you.And you may be willingto toss your career away,but not me.I am going to file the appeal,so get ready to man up.-Man up?-Yes, man up.What do you mean?Whatever your traditionalbeliefs may be, just--Man up, get ready.And by the way,this hot chocolate is delicious.Sure, of course.I know how you like it.It's all the actions.Oh, God.Excuse me.-It's my mum.-Mmm.Tell your "mum" I say hello.I'll call her back.So... would you wanna goto this comedy show with me?I can use a good laugh.I'm sure you would.What do you want me to wear?Wear a dress.No undies.-Oh, God. David, let's go.-I know you like it.Come on, now.- Come on.- Come on.Really?Hey.You stalking me now?I don't stalk.Thanks.How's that appeal coming?It's coming.Even after a loss,you are justabsolutely stunning.What's your secret?You know... water.Lots of rest. Exercise.You know they sayBlack don't crack.Indeed.Mi abuela,she would always say...-She sounds like a smart woman.-She is.I wonder what you wouldlook like if you had won.Okay...What's going on with this?-With what?-With this pursuit.I like itwhen you call it that.A pursuit. I don't stalk.Okay, yeah, but... is it real?I can tell youover a nice steakand a glass of wine.Well, I'm vegan.But... maybe I'll take upyour offer on the glass of wine.Your place or mine?Okay. I'll think about it.But until then,I'll see you in court.See you in court.-Thanks for the water.-My pleasure.My pleasure.- Thank you.- Of course.Read this.-Think it's funny?-Hmm.You don't think it's funny.Nah. Not as funnyas the last one you told.Maybe it's the way you told it,but reading this right now?It ain't funny.Hmm. Thanks for your honesty.- Hey, Sam.- What's up?Would you get marriedto a woman from Africa?Mmm, probably ifit was Charlize Theron.Come on, man.No, I'm just joking, man.The reason why I'm askingis 'cause--I know why you asking, man.Lola.I don't wanna keepleading her on, you know?Then stop leading her on, bro.Look, man, you my best friend,so I can be honest with you.You go outside right nowand you fighting two guys,I'm coming out thereand we fighting together.-What about 20 guys?-I'm calling the police.No, we going down together, bro.You my brother.So I'm gonna stand with youon whatever decision you make.-Thanks, bro.-Yep.You can see it in her eyes, man.Yours too.You really don't like this joke,though?Let me see that again.Bro, you gotta try again, okay?-That bad, huh?-Yeah. That bad.Okay, all right. I--Mr. and Mrs. Deng,I wanted to meetwith you and Ericso we can go overthe details of Eric's appeal.We were able to filea motion to reopen the casewith this information.Eric has somethinghe'd like to share with you.Well, what is it, son?Mom, Dad...I was just defendingmyself against peoplewho don't like my kind.Because you are African?Because... I'm gay.What are you saying?- I'm gay, Dad.- What are you saying?Where did you learn this?From the white people on campus?Didn't learn it from anyone.I have always been this way.Elizabeth,are you hearing this nonsense?He is sayingthat he is homosexual.Elizabeth, are you listening?I knew it.-You knew what?-I knew it, and you knew it too.Ah... we both choseto ignore it.It does not matter now.What's matter is,Eric needs to get out of here.Dad...can you please notlook at me with such disgust?Eric! Let's go.The judge is back.-I love you, son.-I love you too, Dad.Can you state your nameto the courtand your relationshipwith the defendant?My name is Tyler Smith, and...Eric is my boyfriend.On the night Eric was arrested,can you tell the courtthe events leading up to that?Well, Eric and I werejust coming from the movies,and we wanted to geta quick bite to eat.Neither one of uswanted to drive,so we called an Uber.Everything was going smoothuntil the driver realizedthat me and Eric were sittingreally close to each other.He got angry.He pulled over,and demanded that we get out.I can remember himsaying things like,"Y'all are disgusting.Y'all need to bewiped off the Earth."That's when he grabbed his bat,came over to the passenger side,and yanked the door open.Me and Eric got outon the left-hand side.He kept charging uswith the bat.He started swinging.And I fell.I just knew he wasgonna bash my head in.I couldn't do nothin'.That's when I heard the gunshot.Mrs. Deng.Can you tell us aboutyour experience in Uganda?Objection, Your Honor.Relevance.Objection overruled.Go ahead, Mrs. Deng.When I was a little girlin Kampala,I had a friend.His name is Moses.We're very close.See, Moses did notlike to play footballlike the other boys.He was always so neat and clean,and a lot of the kidsfound it very strange.As we grew upand went to high school...Moses grew up so handsome.Almost pretty.And all of the girls in schoolwas in love with him.One day, he told me thathe's not interested in girls.I was so confused,'cause I've never heard somebodysay something like that before.I've never heard it in my life.But I promised that day...that I would keep his secret.I would never tell anybody,till today.One day, he decidedto tell another boy...how he felt about him.A big fightbroke up in school that day.The boy and his friends,they ran,they chased after Moses.He ran.He ran all the wayto the market square that day.They chased him.And they caught up with him.They beat himblack and blue that day.He was unconscious.I didn't know what to do,so I started to run.I ran all the way.To this day,I have never seen him again.Nobody knowswhat happened to him.Do you see Moses in your son?Yes.Did you fearfor your son's life?I do.Objection, Your Honor!Relevance.I wanna see where the defenseis going with this.Objection overruled.Go ahead, Mrs. Deng.Mrs. Deng, are you tellingthe court that your move fromKampala, Uganda to the Stateswas because you were afraidfor your son's life?I love my country.But I love my son more.And Kampala is not a placefor a boy like my son. It's not.No further questions,Your Honor.You may step down.Your Honor, I'd like to presentto you this exhibit as evidenceto support the reversalof the deportation order.Since the passage of theAnti-Homosexual Law in 2014,the gays and the LGBTQ communityhave been tormented on the dailyby the policeand the citizens of Uganda.Court is in recess.Irene.This America isturning into something else.Where we are from,it is a man and a woman, period.Abi, I don't understandwhere this new behavioris coming from,this man and man,woman and woman.Adam and Femi. Eve and Chidinma.It is rubbish.Rubbish, I tell you.Henry...I understandthis is not our culture.But we cannot sit hereand allow this young manto get killedif he get deported.If it was our son,would you want himto get killed if he was gay?Well, I do not have toworry about that.We should have mercy on him,and pray the courtwill have mercy on him too.Just to spare his life.David.When you find a woman...let her cookas well as your mum.I'm in love with Lola.Ay!- Hey.- Hey.Great job.Thank you.Let's go save this guy.Does the prosecutionhave a closing statement?No, Your Honor.The prosecution rests.Interesting.Well, if I may.Eric, I have watched youduring this trial,and you hold on to so muchhurt, anger, and pain.Young man, we all deserve tobe free by way of forgiveness.When we decide not to forgive--because forgivenessis a choice--we hold on to that pain.And then it beginsto eat away at us.And then we seekthe sympathy of othersinstead of taking chargeand action of our own healing.It takes more energy to hatea person than to forgive them.So let go.Move on with your life.Stand up, young man,while I read this new order.I'm glad you finallycame to your senses.- I was about to drop youfrom my Rolodex.- Wow.-You were gonnadrop me from your Rolodex?-Yeah, all the way off.-Really?-You were gonna goto the bottom.Whatever.You know, I'm proud of you.You did a good job today.Thank you.Thank you for understanding.Thank you for seeingthe bigger picture.And thank you for saving a life.Yeah. I think we allcould do some good.Yeah.He's gonna have to do six monthsfor the charges, though.-We understand.-Yeah.You know,you should accompany meto Comfort's wedding.I've always liked Comfort.You sure you want me to go,though?You know David's gonna be there.David is a non-factor.Yeah, I know.Thank you.You're so beautiful.Thank you.I now pronounce youhusband and wife.You may kiss the bride.Whoo-hoo!Hey, Michael Jacksonwas right to make that song"Liberian Girl."These Liberian womenare fine, bro.She about to belivin' la vida loca,all because you don't want her.-Shut up, Sam.-They're probably going tothe parking lot to do sex.Shut up, Sam. Look,Lola ain't like that, okay?Bro, he has wavy hair.Italian wavy hair.Go and get that girl, man.Shit.So you want one of theseAfrican women in here?Nah. I already got me one.You think you can hang with me?You do know I'm fromthe West Side, right?You do know I'm fromthe South Side, right?What's that mean?I mean,you keep on playing on me,you gon' find out.-Really?-Really.You sure about that?-I'm sure about that.You know what else?-What?-That after we do this...-Mm-hmm....you gon' know that with me,you're always in good hands.-You sure about this?-Yes, I am.-You like that?-A little bit, yeah.Wait a minute.We need to go somewhere.Mm-hmm. Let's go.-Ready?-Mm-hmm. Let's go.-You smell so sweet.-Oh...You knowall the right words to say.You want kids?Can we talk?What's up?-This is rude, David.-Can you stop?Please. Can we talk?Give us a few minutes.I'm going outside.If you ain't out therein five minutes, I'm leaving.-All I need is five.-Leaving for good.Yes, David?-I kissed you in my office.-And?We kiss all the time.Your kisses mean nothing to me.-It means something to me.-Well, not to me.What do you want me to do, Lola?I shouldn't have totell you what to do, David.And now you havea few more minutes, counting.-You don't want that guy.-He is a man!He told me what his intentionswere from the very beginning.Give me one reason, David, one,why I should pick you over him.Because you love me,and you know it.I can learn to love him.People do it all the time.You should know that.I do now.Lola,my intentions with you are pure.I'm no longer afraidor ashamed to love you.Just...give me one more chanceto make this work.I promise you,I will right all my wrongs.Please.He's waiting for me.-Hey.-It's been ten minutes.Yeah.You okay?Look, I gotta go.You know,you're in good hands with David.You think so?Yeah.Santiago,you are one hell of a guy.I know.Kiss for the road?-Maybe a little one.-The cheek is fine.'Cause I'd be devastatedif you were mineand you kissed another man.Oh, gosh.Take care of yourself.See you soon?Yeah. See you later.Official?Official.