65 million years ago,during theCretaceous period,every continent on earthwas ruled bya mysterious and massivegroup of reptilian creaturesthat were the planet'srightful overlords.Fierce predatorsof the land, sea, and sky.Jarrett, come over here.Hmm?Whoa, Dad!You always make huntinglook so easy!And once you areas old and mighty as I am,you can hunt by yourself, too.Huh? I don't think so.I don't everwanna grow up.But hey! I'll still be cheeringfor you no matter how big I get!Heyah, everyone!I'm Jarrett,and I'ma super-duper cute T-Rex.The big guy behind meis my dad, Logan!He's the Kingof Green Valley!I may be small now,but I know that one day,I'll be just as toughand strong as he is,and that's pretty cool!I don't wanna grow upsuper fast, though.Being on Patrol with my dadis always so fun!Huh? Whoa!- Jarrett! Don't touch it!- Huh?But it smells just fine!And it's pretty.Huh?Jarrett, remember,the prettier the mushroomin the jungle,the more poisonous it is.Huh? Poisonous?It can't bethat dangerous.I'm more scary than a...What was that?Hmm.Let's go.- Hmm?- But Dad, I...Are you sure?Jarrett, you are a mighty T-rex.The only way to rid yourselfof fear is to face it bravely.Hmm?Uh-oh.What do we do?Quick, follow me.Hold on! Dad, wait!Dad!Where are we even going?Oh. Hmm...Dad, please!You're going too fast!Wait for me!Jarrett, this may be dangerous.Hide as soon as we get there!Hey, keep crying like thatand the meat will go bad.Be considerate.Stop crying!Big Dan!How come you always getthe juiciest meat?What, is that an issue?Let's trade then.Mom!Don't worry,I'll make it quick for you.Who is this guy?Who cares?Don't freak out.Fools, how dare youtrespass here!You jerk.You just ruined my dinner!Huh?You three have some nerve,don't you?First, you disturbmy kingdom's peace.Then, you have the audacityto disrespect me.You're back!Good thing for us!Allow me to introduce youto our boss, Fang!Not that he really needsan introduction.Did I just hear you saythis land is yours?That's right!My dad's the Kingof the Green Valley!Hmm? The King you say?Uh...We have rules to keep the peaceand I do not excuse ignorance!How cute.Where I'm from,we have a rule of our own!It's as simple asthe strongest live,while the weak die.Hey, Boss, maybe it's bestwe don't pick a fight right now.This guy probably has friends.If there aremore like him, we're done for.Play nice for now.Catch him off guard,then strike.Y-yeah, Fang!Plus, I'm hurt,look at my poor leg.Y-ya see, your Majesty,we're new here,just looking for food,not some petty fight.We promise to respectyour laws and your land.Next time, you will not find meas forgiving.Now off with you!Jarrett, we're leaving.Huh?Dad!I was wondering...Why'd you let those guys go?I know you could haveeasily beaten 'em up,and taught 'em a lesson!Jarrett, if one wereto only respond with violence,it would becomea vicious cycle with no end.We must be better.I will always do my bestto show mercy.A King who leadswith hate in his heart,is no King at all.Wow!Shooting stars!Let's make a wish!C'mon, Dad, make a wish!So, what did you wish for?I wish thatI could stay with you forever,so no matter how scared I get,you could always protect me.That's my wish.How about you?Bet your wish was cool!I wish,my boy will become strong,and confident,unafraid to face the world.Do you really thinkI can do all that?Of course,you're my son after all.Ben,I'm still a bit worried.Just promise me one thing,that you'll keep an eye on him.Of course.We'll catch up later.Huh?Ow.Huh?Well, that's mean!Huh?That hurt!Wow!Huh?Whoa!Oh, so cool!There are so many eggsaround here!Stop! Thief!Uh... W-wait, I'm not a...I'm no thief, I swear!Get away!Dad! Dad! Help me!Is that Jarrett?Jarrett!I was just looking!You won't fool me!There's nowhere to run now!What do you thinkyou're doing to my son?Jarrett, areyou all right?Oh, Dad,I'm so glad you're here!And here I thought the T-Rexwere supposed to protect us all!Yet all this time,you've been dirty egg thieves!You've made a mistake.My son knows betterthan to steal.I wasn't gonna eat 'em,I promise!I was about to sneezeand then you started chasingafter me!That was a sneeze?What kind of fooldo you take me for?You T-rex do nothingbut terrorize us.We can't bear it anymore!This has happened before?That's impossible.Oh, really?You want proof?One of your friendsbrought these threecrazy deinonychus with himto snatch my eggs!I was attackedtrying to protect them.Later, lady!That sounds like Fang's group!Hmm. Yes, I agree.I assure you that those thievesare in no way friends of ours.You have my wordthat I will find them,and make this right.I want to believe you,but it's no longer safe.At least not herein Green Valley.I've already chosen to leaveonce the baby is born.I just can't take the risk here.I'm really sorry.- Hmm. Let's get moving, son.- 'Kay.Don't run.Hey, you two, get over hereand stop this guy!Here, Boss!This one's nice and tender!Fang, back down!You again?Must get a kickout of ruining my day!I've already warned you once,yet you continue to cause havoc.Who made you King anyways?Did you forget?Our rules are setby the strongest and fiercest.I suggesta change in leadership.- What do you say to that, boys?- Yeah.It's you again!You may havefooled me yesterday,but I've got ya this time!Huh?Huh?That roar...It's Dad!It sounds like he's in danger!Don't worry, I'm coming!Dad!Hey! Isn't that the runt?I've always been curiouswhat a T-Rex tastes like!A bite won't hurt, right?Hmm?Huh?Mister Ben, put me down!I gotta find my dad!Jarrett, listen to me!Fang is too powerful!There's nothingyou can do.I'm so sorry.Dad...Don't be scared, keep still.I have you!Uncle Ben!Dad, no...Dad, please...All right, wake up!Hmm?Hmm?Where am I?Hey, Dad?Where did you go?Mister Ben?Help, I'm lost!What do I do?Hi! Are youlooking for me?'Cause you smell likea very tasty start to my day!Hurry up and follow me this way!You can run, but you can't hide!Huh?Now, there's no chanceyou're getting away, brat!Now go left! Come on, kid!This isn't over!That was too close.Crazy situation, crazy place!My name's Cai by the way!What brings you here?Cai?What's so funny about my name?I just saved your life,didn't I?Oops! I meant to say thanks!My name is Jarrett!I'm starving.I know a placewith tons of food!For real? I can't wait!Oh. Is this what you call food?Sorry. I forgotthat you eat meat.Huh?Hey, stop!Huh?Huh? There's a fish!I know I can catch you!Hmm?Huh?The prettierthe mushroom in the jungle,the more poisonous it is.Don't eat it.Don't even look!Come on, a nibble can't hurt.Hmm? Hmm...It smells...smells just like meat!You aren't gonna eat meor somethin', are ya?I'm the birdwho saved your life!Hmm?I told you it smelledjust like meat... look!Somethin' doesn't seem rightabout this.Oh! Hey!Jarrett, come back!This is the best!Huh?Where'd you come from, brat?How dare yousteal my meal!No, no, no,I-I didn't know it was yours,I-I was just hungry!Get out of here!And don't come back!Uh-oh.Sure looks good!I think I'm going to finishevery single bite!What a liar!He can't finish it all.That's too big, even for him!That was good.He ate it all.He didn't even leave meany scraps.Hmm?All right, kid,if you're that hungry,then dig in.Huh?Thanks Mister,I'm Jarrett!Mister?I really don't lookthat old, do I?My name is Lucas.Jeez, you have quitea big appetite, don't you, kid?Then tomorrow,you'll be doing the hunting.Way togo, Thunder-feet.Huh?You're not making this huntvery easy.Do me a favorand stay out of the way!Huh? Hmph.I don't need you,I'll do it on my own!Huh?That didn't work.The shell's too hard.Okay! You win!Huh?How'd it go?Not so great,I'm so bad at this.Expected that.For a T-Rex, you may be strange,but that doesn't meanyou're hopeless.So kid,tell me about yourself.Where's home for you?I... I am from Green Valley.Green Valley?I heard oncethe T-rex there are fearless,especially the King.That's my dad!But I.Huh?My dad was attackedand I did nothing.I wanna be strongbut what am I supposed to do?Lucas, I want to be stronglike him.Can you help me?Yes. If you're serious,then we start tomorrow.I'll be strong like you, Dad.We're going to be startingwith your agility and reflexes.You need to move!Observe... and dodge!Follow me.Wow.Huh?Now, look close.Whoa, that's cool!Don't just stand there.Show me what you got.Uh...Watch me.Plant your feet.Stay low and steady.Use the strength from your waistto keep balance,and with all that power,fling your tail!Nowit's your turn!Plant the feet.Low and steady.Power up.And fling!Hmm...Keep going!Mm-hm.Today is all about endurance.Huh?It's so high up, there'sno way we can climb this.Well, I believe we can.Cast your doubt asideand just go!C'mon Jarrett, get moving!T-that'sa long way down.You have claws! Use em!Finally.Yup. Ya made it.Whoa!Even though it was hard,it was sure worth the view.The kid's onhis own today.Hope the hunt's going smooth.Huh?Hey Jarrett, what's up?Stay quiet.Please, don't... don't hurt me!I lost my mom!Aww!We'll help you find her, kid!It's those jerks again!What can I do?Careful, Jarrett!Don't do anything impulsive!What are you babbling about?Get out of the way!Don't go over there, come back!Stop!Oh, it's just you.Surprised you're still alive!It's the runt!Nice! It'sa two-for-one special!It's been a while.What's taking him so long?- Lucas! Jarrett's in trouble!- Huh?Big Dan!Fang has been lookin'for this kid.What are the odds?We got himright where we want him.All we gotta do istake him straight to the boss!Well then,what are we waiting for?Hold on, Jarrett!I'm almost there!Stay strong!You're fast! For a brat!Get away!Its's okay. Whatever you say.Good job, kid.We have our meal.I'll even leave somefor you this time.But... there's no waywe can eat him, Lucas!Justlook at him!He doesn't even knowwhere his mom is!So what?I'm starving here!What elseare we supposed to eat?Jarrett, getoutta the way!Before I move you!Mm-mm.Fine then, just go!Huh? Uh...This time,don't come back!He left.I don't believe it.You're Jarrett, right?Thanks for the help.I'm Lex, by the way.So now what?Huh?Follow me.These are so good!Earlier,you weren't hurt, right?Just a scratch or two.It was nothing.So Lex, how did you get here?I know you got lostbut how exactly?We Brachiosaurusmigrate each year.Somehow, I gotseparated from my mom andpanicked.But before I evenhad time to think,those three boneheadshad me surrounded.Do you have any ideawhere your mom might be?I'm not sure.There is one clue!The North Star!The Brachiosaurusalways follow it!Sounds like a good start!Oh! Over there!I think I see it!Mm-hm. If we followthis direction,we'll find your mom in no time!Come on!Big Dan,I-I kinda wanna go back.I'm sorta scared of the dark.Ya know, if I could seeanything, I'd slap you!We're supposed to be predators.This is embarrassing!Hey, Big Dan!I totally just foundthose two kids on the hillside!Are you sure it's just them?Yeah! No one to stop usthis time!All right, Boys!Let's try again.Now's our big chance.Don't mess it up!Over there!Is that your herd, Lex?We did it! We found them!Awesome!Yeah! Great, ya found em.But we just found you!Quick! We gotta run!Sorry, kids!You two bratsain't goin' nowhere!You go find your mom,I'll distract these guys!What about you?Just go!Huh? Hmm?You little...Huh? Get them!Big Dan! I'm getting away!Distracting us, eh?Fine, you little rat.If you want usto catch you first, let's do it!- Stop!- Hey!Just slow down, please!Gotcha!Too bad. We're too fast.Well, I am.I'm... so tired.Now! Take this bratdown to the canyon!- Yep, you got it!- Yep, you got it!So, can I eat him now?No, you pig!I have a plan, remember?Forget your gut!So, how do we getthe big guy here?Easy. One of you guys willneed to go lure him back here.Now then.Who's going to be our volunteer?Hmm...Big Stan! So brave!Didn't think you had it in ya!Wait, what? I...I don't feel qualified for this!Good luck! We believe in you!- Why have you returned?- Huh?Answer me!Uhm, so I might have Jarrett.Huh?W-W-What I meant to way is...Big Dan has him!Cowards! What have you threedone with Jarrett?Nothing yet, I swear!I'm just the messenger, ya know?You're taking me to him.Right now!What's taking him?I bet you he got lost again.Quick, they're here!Hide!He-he's right up here!Jarrett? Jarrett!Are you okay?We should probably shutthis guy's big mouth.Let's get his attention, yeah?My, what a small worldwe live in.Good to see you again.You! What are you up to?Ya better move quick!Yeah? Or else what?So glad you asked.No! I have to help him!Kid! You okay?Wake up!It seems likehe's a little tired.Also, I've got youright where I want you.Hit it!Uh-oh!Jarrett!Big Dan, Ithink we got em!There's absolutely no waythey survived that.Now that would bejust totally crazy, wouldn't it?Quiet, Numb Skull!Now that that's over,I think it's time we tell Fang.Lucas? Lucas?Wake up!Jarrett, glad you're safe.Are you hurt?I'm fine! I'm sorry.This is all my fault.Stop. It's okay.We should focuson getting out of here.Hey! Jarrett!Huh? No way!Lex, it's you!I'm over here! I'm over here!Jarrett, are you okay?We're fine!But we're trappedbehind these rocks!I need you to back away!Lex, you did it!You found your mom!- Mm-hm.- Whoa. You guys are tall!By the way,how'd you know we were here?I was looking everywherefor you.Suddenly, I heard a huge crashcoming from this direction.You're luckywe heard anything at all.- Jarrett, we have to get going.- Yeah! We owe you one!Okay! Sorry, Lex, I gotta go.Thank you so muchfor helping us.No, thank you! Seriously.Without you, I wouldn't havefound my mom again!Bye.You say your goodbyes?It sure took yalong enough, kid.Did you miss me?- No.- Don't be shy.I won't tell anyone.All right, kid.If you really want to beat Fang,you need to get stronger.As you are now,you don't stand a chance.Come and get me!Huh?Wow. Is that reallythe best you can do?Get up!Very good, Jarrett.You've grown.Hmm?Jarrett, thought you should knowthere's a fight goingdown in the brush!It's Lucas! It's gotta be!Hmm. It looks like him.But I'm not really sure!Hey! So impatient.Uh, right behind you!Whoa!Those moves...so familiar.They don't seem special to me.Same stance as Lucas.Reverse attack.Now attack the side.Hmm? Wow, you guessed his move.Wait for me!Sorry, but I was wonderingdo you know someone named Lucas?Lucas? Why?Uh...Y'see, I've been looking for himfor a long time now!Lucas' father wasthe King of Dragon Valley.Naturally, Lucas wasrecognizedas the next heir tothe throne.But Lucas knewthat his brother, Leon,had always wanted to bea King, like his father.To honor his brother's wish,Lucas surrendered his claimto the throne and left our home.He hasn't beenseen since.I had no idea.Yeah. Name's Rowan by the way.Could you takeme to Lucas?Sure, I'll help! I'm Jarrett.And I know you didn't ask,but I'm Cai!Nice to meet you!Lucas! Come here!I've brought youquite the surprise!I doubtthat you could surprise me.Huh? What?See what I mean? Told ya so!Lucas. It really is you!Whatever it is, forget it.Dragon Valley is in danger!No, Leon is King.He can keep you safe.The King has been overthrown!No way!What on earthis happening there?It's Kru! He invaded the Valley.His resistance overpoweredthe King!No...Lucas, please.The Valley, no, Leon needs you.I can't help you.Lucas!Just give him some time, okay?What are you so worried about?Never seen you like this.Very funny.Is this your pep talk?Not what I had in mind.I just wanna give yousome advice.If you have the powerto make a change,you probably should.I know what it's liketo run away.You can't run from this.Lucas, do what you mustto protect your home.Be brave, my son.Lucas.Dragon Valley needs you.Where is everyone?Hmm? I'lllook ahead!Something's wrong.Lucas,it's been a long time.Kru, it's you!Hey, relax.I thought we were supposedto be friends.Is that your idea of a joke?No-no-no-no, not a joke.Wow, I figuredsuch an old friendwould be thrilledabout attendingmy coronation tomorrow.Unless, there's an issue.Well, let's settle that.Face me one-on-oneand let fate decide.In return, I'll even spareyour brother's life!- Uh...- What?What have you got to lose?But... better make sureyou don't disappoint me.Oh, we won't.Tomorrow. You and I.At the sun's first light.Great! See you then.Let's go, boys.Lucas. Lucas, wake up!Huh?Rowan, what do you need?Is something wrong?Rowan, where are we going?Just follow me!Hmm?Stop!Tell me where we're going!Rowan, what are you hidingfrom me?Out with it!Kru, he has my son.So I struck a deal with him.Lucas, please understand,I had no other choice!I... I was to lead youaway from the valley.Now, you'll miss the fightand guarantee his victory.All right.Silence. Silence!Tell me, whatever happenedto that big coward Lucas?I was expecting a fight!What are you doing, Lucas?Since there are no objections,I, Kru, will be your new King!Long live the great King!I object!You'll fight me instead!You aren't serious,are you, brat?This is nothing but proofthat Lucas is a coward!So be it.- Oh.- Huh?Fine then, I'll do it myself!- Sorry I'm late.- Huh?Lucas! You're here!You came!Fine, it doesn't matter.Lucas, you look tired.I don't want othersto think I won unfairly!Lucas, are you okay?Yeah, I'll deal with him.You save the kids.Hmm?Hope you're ready.Come on!Keep an eye on 'em!I have a plan!Good thinking!Here goes nothing!Ha! Got ya!Ow!That hurt, ya dumb bird!How dumb can you be?He got ya twice in a row!Somehow, I'll get you!Good luck!Come back here!Rowan? What are you doing here?I'm here to help you, boy!Let's go rescuethe others!Hey Lucas,once I'm finished with you,your brother is next.Lucas!Mama! Papa!What are you doing, you fools?I am your King!You must obey me!You wouldn't dare rebelagainst me!Never come back!Lucas, I...There's no need to apologize.This time, I'll be sure to joinmy brother in Dragon Valley.We're going to work togetherto restore itto its former glory.Jarrett!- Huh?- Jarrett!It's Mister Ben!Jarrett, is it really you?I've been lookingeverywhere for you!Oh, you've grown!It's good to see you!I'm doing great.Jarrett, I have some news.Fang has donenothing except destroyour peaceful home.Since becoming King,he and his group have becomemore ruthless than ever!Almost all of the otherdinosaurs have left,afraid for their lives.Green Valley is no longerthe safe, beautiful placeit used to be.Jarrett, we need youto come back!Green Valley needs you, son!Long ago,I went stargazing with Dad,he made a wishthat I'd be unafraidto face the world.Everybody has a role in life,now as for me,mine is to guard Dragon Valleyand my family.What do you think yours is, kid?You gotta make that choice,just like I did mine.You once said,if you have the powerto make a change,then you should make it.Jarrett, you are so brave.You alone have the powerto choose your path.I'm confidentyou'll make the right choice.Jarrett, webelieve in you.All right, son?Yeah. Thanks.Let's go.Well, well, well,you gave usquite a chase, didn't ya?Bet you wishyour pops were here.Too bad!This was too easy!At least it wasn't me this time!Huh? Lo-Lo-Lo-Logan?There's no way!I-Is that really Logan?Give me ten good reasonswhy I shouldn't stomp you three?No, no!You're not Logan!No, I'm not.I am his son, Jarrett.But we buried you in the canyon!You're right.I climbed all the way outso I could find you three.No, please! Have mercy on us!We never meant to do it,I swear!We were forced to by Fang!That's right!Fang is the guy you want!- Please forgive us!- Yeah!We're super, super sorry!Ya know, we've been wantingto overthrow Fang for years now!But... he's so strong!And your dad,it was nothing personal,he was just a victim!Come on, give us a chance?Look, let's make a deal.You don't hurt usand we'll take you to Fang.Uh, yeah, we'll take ya there,no tricks!Uh-huh! Yeah, what they said!Kids, get out of here!Go find Fang!Tell him we're coming!Isn't this the place where Fangand your father foughtback in the day?We all have such vivid memoriesof your dad's bravery, boy.Fang always boasts and bragsabout how he defeatedyour father here!It's just so cruel!You've made a terrible choice,just like your father!Well, at leastyou'll be joining him now.This ends today!Tough talk!Especially since Daddy'snot here to save you.Come on!Is that all you've got, boy?How sad can you be?You really thinkyou could be King?Keep your crown.I'm here to stop you,that's all!You act like a tyrantand terrorize our valleywhile destroyingeverything you touch!You never deserved to be King!Shut your mouth!Hold on.Where'd your crew run to, Fang?Miss us, guys?What?Suppose you can call thisa coup, eh, boss?It's almost freakyhow familiar this feels, right?I sorta feel likeI've traveled back in time!Except this time,we end up in charge!Yeah! This timeline rocks!I think Big Dan is gonna makea great King! Don't you?You bunch of traitors!Attack!Fang, you may havemy kingdom today.But you must promiseto protect it.Hah! What is this,some sort of joke?I'm not falling for it!Look out!He was the true King, Jarrett.I'm so sorry.But now I know for sure.A real King would leadwith kindness, not... this.You can't even defend yourself!This is pathetic!You wanna knowsomethin' really sad, though?Years ago,we were just using Fangto distract the King,maybe snag a few eggs!But to our surprise,and to our benefit,it ended with the Kingfalling face-first off a cliff!What?And now, our grand plancomes to its conclusion!I should have never done this.Green Valley needs a Kingthat is strong and true!What're you saying?Jarrett, I hopeyou can forgive mefor the pain I've caused you.Stop!Fang, no!Jarrett, the kingdom is yours.Run!