- Miss Ursula Desfontaines?- Yes?The car is here.My aunt isn't here?No, Miss. She wasdetained at the house.- And my uncle?- He is taking his nap.- At least the ear is here.- Yes, miss.THE NIGHT HEAVEN FELLPeople who were chased bythe police on the roadscalled themselves"moonlight robbers".Your poor sisterhas killed herself.No, don't go there! I beg ofyou. I've been shamed enough!Don't let him go!Get off, Lamberto. If I bringyou to the estate, I lose my job.Too bad for you.Stop, do you hear me?That's enough! Slow down!Get off, Lamberto.Treat it mornings and evenings.In a week it'll be fine.Excuse me, just a moment!Ursula!Who let you in?Get out!My sister killed herselflast night.Alfonso! Alfonso!No, no!Alfonso...Lay him on a bedand call a doctor.Carlos, help me.You see, everything wasready to welcome you.Augusta! Another bottleof champagne!My poor Ursula, you've chosena bad clay to arrive.Obviously this is a bitdifferent than the convent...Some music, to sweetenthe change.Will you be moping the wholeafternoon? Are you listening?Alfonso! Saddle my horse.Dirty old man!- It's your uncle, Ursula.- You can't stand him either.When they just started and yourhusband was down, you smiled.Shut up! You don't knowwhat you're saying!If that's for me,I hate champagne.Who is that boy your husbandbeat to a pulp?- His mother owns the village inn.- You know him?Not personally. His familywas ruined by the revolutionand he left the country.He's just come back.Was the girl who was foundin the well his sister?- I don't know.- He told your husband, no?I told you I don't know.There's no answerat the doctor's.Then the boy will be takenhome. Get the driver.It'll be alright now.Come here fora moment, please.Don't worry, horsey.Do you think he can be moved?I think he has a brokencollar bone.But it's his leg that worriesme. His knee is dislocated.I think I can reset it.Go to your room.I'll join you later.Try to hold him down.I can't do this otherwise.The wounds are only superficial,but the doctor must be told.He's a strong stud.Ursula, what are you doing?Getting settled.The vet thinks it'snothing serious.Hand me the nails, please.Thanks.Do you believe inlove at first sight?What do you mean?See a man twice for 5 minutesand fall madly in love?No.- But that's what happened to me.- Don't be ridiculous!I'm not ridiculous,I'm in love!You don't know what love is.You are a childThe later you find out,the better for you.You used to be more fun.Remember Biarritz?All the boys courted you. Youreally had your way with them.I was still as flat as a fishand I admired you.Don't laugh. I could havereally hurt myself.That'll teach you to laughat other people's pain.Easy, Miguel!The chase is over.Hello, Senora Concha.Pour me a cognac.- How are things?- l'll be fine for the fiesta.That's what the doctor said.Another one.Tell me what happened theother day with Senior Esteban.Nothing. We fought.One of us had to win.I lost, and that's it.Forget it. I came herefor a different reason.I need to know what you weredoing abroad these past years.Let's see...You went to France in 1945,right?What the devil is the matter?What a state!You weren't here whenyour father died. Why?I was in disciplinarydetention.I know. For insultingyour superior, right?Hold him for a second,he's pissed all over me.Afterwards... Everyone knowsyou worked on a ship.- As a mechanic.- As what?- A mechanic.- Be quiet!- On which ship?- What?Write it down yourself.I can't hear you like this.Damn it!Don't cry.Come on. Enrico, don't cry!No!Let go! Leave me alone!You're sick, old man!You can be sure I'll tellFlorentine everything!Dirty old man!Shame on you! Trying toexploit your niece!I wondered what a satyr lookedlike, I've got one in the family.My aunt's husband, no less!She loves you. I evenforget you're my guardian.Some guardian!Are you listening?Lamberto should have killedyou the other day! But he will!Little bitch! I'll teach youa lesson you won't forget!Stop! You'll makeme fall down!- Good afternoon, Count!- Good afternoon, Father!Good evening, Father.I've been playing lost eat.Lost cat?- Could I ride home with you?- Certainly, my child.By the way, father,does the Count confess often?Did you interrogate Lamberto?We already have. His pastisn't all that clear.- I thought so.- But we have no evidence.So what do younintend to do?Cross your arms and wait?Remember this man, left free,is very dangerous.You'll be hearing from me.Sir?- Commissioner Pepe, please.- Please follow me.Meet Inspector Sierra,my cousin, Count de Ribera.Pleased to meet you.Have a seat. What is it?Any news about Lamberto?Yes...l think I can...I believe I can easilytake care of your stud.How's that?He bought tractors withunauthorized foreign currency.That's a rather common felony,but it would do.I'll need only a fewadditional pieces of evidence.- You're sure you saw them?- Don't worry.You can go homeand relax.You're a real friend.Ursula?What is it?Have you gone mad?What if someone comes in?There's no one here.Everyone's gone to the Fiesta.You never know.A visitor could arrive.Then he'll have somethingworth remembering.What are you doing there,Ursula?Taking a shower.- But it's the servants' shower!- so what? It works.Get me some orange juice.Is it fun to make love?I'm talking to you!If you hadn't taken a shower,I'd have cooled you off myself.At school I used to thinkof love very theoretically.But lately...Maybe it's the weather.You're drinking myorange juice!Let's go to the fiesta.I feel like seeing Lamberto.That's what you call"the weather".I've tried to be reasonable for3 weeks now, it hasn't worked.I can think of nothing else.I want him to kiss me.You can understand that,can't you?I've never been withany man other than Miguel.- You made a real mistake then.- You're impossible!Because I see thingsas they are.You choose to live a lieand ruined it all.- Maybe.- You could start over.You forget my age.I'm not young anymore.I'd like to be asbeautiful as you are.I no longer dare tolook in the mirror.You're crazy!Look at yourself!You're young, you're beautiful.Look at your body.- It doesn't lie.- You're cruel.Why, because I force youto admit the truth?You think I'm not human?Don't you think I have my ownthoughts, at night in bed?- You have the right to be happy.- No! Why are you meddling?Leave me alone! Go!Ursula! Get dressed,I'm taking you to the fiesta.They won't be killed?No, it's a fight for fun.In real fights arethe bulls bigger?Much bigger.That's not a bull,it's a heifer.- But it charges like a bull.- Cows fight as well as bulls.Sometimes they're evenmore dangerous,they charge with theireyes wide- open.If he were dealing with a realbull he wouldn't look so fine.I'll give it a try.It doesn't look difficult.Ursula, I forbid you!What are you doing,you're crazy! Come back!Sweetie...Come back, Ursula!Come back!Thanks!Each in his own turn.You gave me such a fright!- I have to speak to you.- Go on.It's about my husband.He intends to pulla dirty trick on you.Come.I can't. Not now.- I'll wait for you in the garden.- Don't even think about it!Your husband is in Seville.It's now or never.- You're out of your mind!- Perhaps, but I'll be waiting.- I'll wait all night.- I forbid you!- Is he gone?- Yes.It wasn't worth the effort.I'll get my shoes.The bitches!It's a good thing I came back.But I'll teach them-to go to the fiestaas soon as I turn my back!What have you clone?No, no...You had no right.I thought we closedthe gate.A servant must havecome in.See? You didn't wantto go to the fiesta...Finally, I could hardlytear you away.Lamberto, the beer I hadwasn't enough todayeven though we had three barrels.And not enough wine either.Are you listening?The secretary evenbought us a sausage.Come help me clean up a bit.Another day like thisand I'll be a new woman.Not everything.Son, what are you doing?Are you drunk?Tell me! What happened?I killed Ribera.- You...?- In self- defense.Don't you believe me, mother?You're my son...If you don't believe me...Did you see it?It's Miguel's horse.Yes. What does this mean?Do what your heart dictates.True pity has nothingto do with custom.I'm sorry I'm late,but I have some important news.We identified the brokenblade found in Miguel's chest.In a few hours, we'll knowwhom the murder weaponbelonged to.I didn't realize youlove Lamberto.Lamberto!Don't open. I'll expl...What is it?I heard a shout.No, you've been dreaming.Or maybe I have.Do you need anything?No, go to sleep, Ursula.Close the window.- I want to ask you...- No need for excuses.- We don't have any excuses.- I'm not looking for excuses.Keep quiet.I should despise myselfbut I'm madly happy.I can only think of one thing:having you to myself for goodall my life.What is it? You think thepolice would keep us apart?- I wouldn't let that happen.- lt's not the police.I have no intentionof living with you.I came for a different reason.If the police arrests meI have only one chanceto defend myself effectively.To claim that I camehere to see you.That's why I needyour testimony.That's all you wanted,my testimony.I wanted to avoid being hung.That means somethingto a man.So that was it...I'll never forget last night.NeverBut I don't want anymisunderstanding between us.Don't kiss me.The grass is damp,you'll catch a cold.What do you care?How long have you loved her?I don't love anyone, Ursula.So what were youdoing in her room?One shouldn't judge anyonewithout knowing everything.Do you care what I think?I guess so.Sorry, Lamberto. I must arrestyou. You're accused of murder.Follow us.You have no prooffor detaining me.You caught him, good work!I came to warn you thatLamberto was not in the inn,we caught him at the estate.Why did you come here?To cover up your signsat the scene of the crime.It's no use, Lamberto.I have everything I needto prosecute you:a motive, evidence, your knife,and you have no alibi.Unless you prove me wrong.I had a date that night.With whom?With whom?I was hoping shewould speak out.She hasn't said a word.Too bad!Take him out to the gardento have another look.I'll get dressedand I'll join you.This guy is too much...Excuse me, I have ahard day ahead of me.It's you he came to see!No!Liar! He's your lover!No!I saw him come outof your room just then.He wanted me to lieso he'd have an alibi.Why didn't you?You'd have me dishonoredto save my husband's murderer?You should do anythingto save the man you love.- I don't love him.- You do, you know it.- No!- Liar!Stop! Stop!Hello, Miss Ursula.Don't be afraid. Get on.Senorita is gonewith the car.She's helping him escape!We must stop her.Run to the roadand catch them there.At any rate,I think it's too late.I'm calling headquarters.Take the first roadto your left.- Where are we going?- To Cuevas de Salinas.A friend therewill help me.- Aren't you scared?- I am.You know what you're riskingif you're caught with me?You spoke familiarly!They'll catch us.Shit! I don't have mydriver's license on me.Step on it.If we get to the mountainswe can shake them off.- Why are you helping me?- You know why.- I haven't promised you a thing.- You are near me.That's all I ask for.Are you okay?My feet hurt butI'm happy.This reminds meof my first ball.- What do you do?- All kinds of things.And lately?- I was a mechanic.- On a train?No, on a ship.- Did you get seasick?- Don't talk, save your strength.We hardly know each other.- How old are you?- Thirty- three.Your feet are bloody. My jacketcould be your pillowif I could get it off...If only I could stopthese sacks...These damned handcuffsare driving me crazy!How can I get them off?Damn it all to hell!What can I do?Let me be!Can't you see these handcuffsare driving me crazy?Are you afraid of me?Ursula!- What is it?- Look!Tonight, in Cuevas,I'll have them filed off.Is it far?30 or 40 kilometers.That's too far.Too far for you, Ursula.- Must you go there?- Yes.- Why?- When I was a mechanicmy ship unloaded there.- Is it there now?- I don't think so.But I'll be told whereI could find it.The highway isn't far off.Over there.You'll find a taxiin Cartama.This doesn't feel likea goodbye kiss.What if we bought a donkey?We only have 3000 pesetas.It's not enough.I'll haggle. Please let me try.Let me try!He wants the donkey?Very well, for 4000 pesos.4000, 4000! No less!- No, 3000.- 4000.Senorita, you pay the price.4000 pesetas is cheapand it's a good donkey.No! 4000, I'll pay 3000.Look, I still have 100 pesetasfor food on the way.- Hello, Carmen.- Hello.Don't you remember me?You can trust her just like me.I came to see your grandfather.Where is he? And your brother?They're not here.- When are they coming back?- I don't know.Yes you do. You must know.Speak up!They're in jail.And Captain Lorca?Was he arrested too?I don't know.You must find out hisaddress for me.It's not easy but I'll try.- Is there some file here?- No.Let me have that.I have to make you leave.Where is she going?Hello.Could you take these off?Cut the crap!What's wrong with you?Do it or else I'll get you!Open!Why are you laughing?I remembered Florentine didn'twant me in the servants' shower.- Could I try on your clothes?- Yes.No, tuck the blousein the skirt, like this.Are you afraid?Yes. I'm afraidof disappointing you.I'll take the risk.I'm not what you think.I don't think anything.Yes you do. You thinkI'm a woman.- Aren't you a woman?- Don't mock me.I wanted to tell you thatI've never had a lover.Not that I didn't want one...Lamberto, someone wantsto speak to you.Look...- What does it say?- It's your description.Florentine gives a rewardto whoever identifies you.- Does she mention you?- No.She is too scaredof the scandal.We can't mess with the law,we've had enough of that.- Shall we go?- Yes.- Right now?- Yes.- Do you want Captain Lorca's address?- Yes.- San Jose street, in Chorro.- Thanks.I told you because of her.Poor Theodore.It's sad to have to sell him.Now that your description isout, we have to buy you a dress.I know.It's not too honest,what we just did.Sinning with awareness of evilisn't too bad. One can atone...As long as one doesn't loseone's awareness of evil.Come.If you don't come back in15 minutes, I'll look for you.- Did you write this?- Yes, ma'am.Where did you see them?- Come on, speak.- Here, a clay before yesterday.- Are they still here?- No.- They slept here?- Yes.- Where are they now?- I don't know.Yes you do, stupid. Where?They didn't tell me.You're Wing!- I'm telling you the truth.- No you're not, but you will.Do you hear me?You must tell me.Alright.Let's see if you'lltalk to the police.No! No! that!Well then...They went to Chorro to lookfor Captain Lorca.Lorca...What do you want?I came to you for help.I must leave Spain.I'm very sorry,I no longer own the ship.Could you lend me money?The police, quick!You're a piece of shit, Lorca!I'm a piece of shit?You're a murderer!Life doesn't always turnout the way we want it to.Yes, here. I've got him, hurry!I got into a lotof trouble lately.I have to make up for it.I don't believe you'll shoot.If you move, I warn you,I'll shoot!I'm going to shoot!I'm going to shoot!No, on your left!Run for it!You're eating bad stuff!That's enough!Would you keep still?You're nice.Follow me.I understand,it didn't work out.I'm afraid, Lamberto.Be quiet, you'll runout of breath.I'd rather talk, otherwisefear paralyzes me.If you want to talk, ride!- Where are we going?- Nowhere.If it's with you,it's not nowhere.I love you.A few hundred meters from hereis a gorge with Whirlpools.If we go on we might drown.- And if we stop?- We'll be caught.- I don't want us to be apart.- Now or tomorrow...we can't leave Spainany more.Tomorrow, then.Please, let's go on.- It's madness.- Yes, it's madness.Form pairs and search everycorner. They can't be far off.He can't have gone too far.Search everywhere.We did it, Lamberto!We're nowhere!Nowhere!Nowhere!- Did you find them?- No.I thought it wasa matter of hours.They passed theChorro gorge.You said that was impossible.I'm used to criminals,not to lovers.When will you arrest them?In Marquesano.They could hold out a few weeks.Someone must stop them!He must be killed!He's a murderer!He must be killed! Killed!Nothing.And this?We need meat.- You caught a rabbit once.- That was 3 clays ago.- And now I'm hungry.- Me too. But I don't scream.You're not on your feetall clay.Do you think I'm havinga good time in this hole?Where are you going?- What are you doing?- I'm going to kill the pig.That's food fora few clays.You can't do that!For heaven's sake, this pigwill starve anyway!Don't kill this littlecreature, Lamberto.Don't kill my pig.Don't kill him, please. He's ourlittle friend, I love him.Murderer!No! No!I love you.I love you, my littleproud animal.I love your body.I love your heat.I love you to death.I've waited so longfor these words...hill'-- No...- Yes, Ursula.Before we spoil it all.No, no! Never, Lamberto!I love you. Don't everleave me. I love you...Madame too. May the Lordreward your kindness.Yes...Yes, I'm listening.Ursula is exhausted.I'll bring her to Cerba tomorrowCome pick her up.At noon, yes.But why in a village?Isn't it too dangerous for you?I'll turn myself in.But I want to know.Ursula is safe.Don't worry.I'll take care of her.Nothing will happen to her.Don't you need anything else?Yes, I'll be there.Lamb...- I was dreaming.- About what?It's always the same dream.Don't leave me.I'm right here.Tomorrow we leave.I've called a friend.Everything is set up.- Really?- Yes.Manna- mamaan.I'll be able to asksomeone for directions?"Excuse me, sir, how doI get to the beach?"ls it true, Lamberto?Yes.I can't believe it!If I dream again,will you wake me up?Yes, clearest.Let's go back, Lamberto.- Why?- I don't know. Let's go back.Come on.It's the Count of Ribera's car.Strange!We were told Lambertopassed by here.I'll go tell the chief.Alright.It's you who called her!- You'll leave with her.- NeverYou must, Ursula. And whenI'm safe, you'll join me.If you go, I'll neversee you again.- Yes, you will.- swear it.Come, calm down.You can't swear it!It's over...It's over, I knew it.I knew it...Swear to me thatyou'll never leave me.Never...Not even for an hour,not even for a minute.I don't want you to die,my little deer...You're too young,too beautiful.But if you leave meI will die.I'm going to die.Hold her!You can't leave me,it can't be!You can't leave me!Run, Lamberto!Stop! Stop!Stop, Ursula! Stop!Stop, stop...He's going to shoot!Stop!- Where were you hit?- It doesn't hurt, you know.- Tell me you'll never leave me.- No.Not even for an hour,not even for a minute...Swear it.I swear it.Not even for a minute...