Daniel!No!Daniel!No, please!Help!Oh God, I must see him.I must go to him.Raymond, Raymond.Wake up.Well just touch me and I won't go.Mm, skin.It's like skin.I'm like an animal.No, no, even if Raymond had woken up,I'd have gone anyway.Sometimes it's an instinct to fly.I'm not going to feel guilty.Oh, there he is.Was he really asleep orjust afraid to see me go?Well he'll hear me now.What a place you'vebrought me to, Raymond.Nothing but cemeteries and military camps.Nearly a million killed here.This place stinks of old wars.And what did they die for?Every street's got a soldier's name on it.Bleeding, Switzerland, weonly have one, a general.I can't remember his name anyway.Another cemetery, but notall the dead are buried.Why don't they rebel?At least the young ones.Rebellion's the only thingthat keeps you alive.Hell, I haven't brought any money with me.And I've left my watch behind.Oh, well, this'll dofor a drink in Germany.Oh, shut up.Fill him up, please.Super.A full tank, hmm?You're going a long way?Quite a away.You know who I am, don't you?My husband is a school teacher in Orleans.I've forgotten my money.Would you please ask himon his way to school?And he'll pay you.Try stuff like that, youlook more like a racing driver.But I know this bike.There aren't two alike inthis part of the world.It's a brute of a thing.Your husband should use it.He get to school quickerand the kids wouldn't makeso much fun of him.It's my bike. No oneelse will ever use it.Yes, Daniel I'll check the tire pressures.Check the tires please. 28 back, 26 front.36, front.38, back.Your husband's a very generous man.Some lucky bastard.Your husband's a very generous man.Raymond use my bike? Let him dare.But of course he wouldn't.Not the daring kind.Wouldn't even ask if he hadto walk a hundred miles.The kids wouldn'tmake so much fun of him.Why'd you let them?I felt ashamed just hearingyou tell me, Raymond.And the rhyme starts, in fact,where I come from, Switzerland.Why are you waving your arm, Felipe?What do you want?I want to go to the toilet, sir.Very well, you may be excused.Silence!This is too much!What is this?- Where is that radio?- Well, I thinkit was from outside.Where is that radio?Give me that, boy! Where's the radio?- Where is it?- Over there, over there.Where is it, son?Over there, over there.Come on, stand up,boy! Where's that radio?At least...I thought you liked music, sir.You call that rubbish music?Right. I think that may have done it.Daniel's right, ofcourse. He's always right.Town's die in their suburbs.Imagine living in a house like that.Suffocating, slow suffocating death.Aren't I dying?Being married is a littledeath, living here.Christ, I'm talking likeI've been married for years.And it's only two months.It's his bloody kindnessthat's killing me.Damn!Look, Daniel, I can rub them outlike something in a drawing book.Twist on the throttle and I obliteratethis muck and turn myself on.Rebecca, atspeed on a wet road,you must anticipate a mile ahead.Brake ever so gently and changeinto third before you brake.Now remember, hmm?Remember? Everything.Every single thing.I fly towards you like those birds.No, like a rocket zooming towards the sun.Will you burn me up?I want to be burned up.I want it to be exactly the same.Exactly like the last time.When the clock strike eight at Heidelberg,I shall be in your arms.Eight. It's still too bloody early.Can't be more than, I don't know, four.What time did I leave then?I mustn't be too early.I want him waiting in the summer house.Ah, of course he'll know I'm coming.He senses prey.I'll stop for a whileand let you sleep on,have your breakfast, and I'll arriveas you finish your coffee.Oh, so warm.Even this early.Like thousands of fingers.I think I only come tolife when he touches me.I'm a bit like a leave myself, green.Not in that usual sense.Very supple, yeah.Bendable, just out of thebud. Young and pliable.And there, the similarity ends,picked by Daniel andthe minute he picked me,I began to die.It seems so long. So bloody boring.I've never known 12 days seems so long.Oh, you have no idea how bored I've been.I've been stultified. I like that word.Is it the right word? Suffocated?No, stultified.And the bike waiting,almost champing at the bit.No, much more viral thana horse and fast, fast,Last time I passed this veryspot, it was already so hot,the handle bars wereburning through my gloves.I was doing 130.It's a woman.You can't tell the difference these days.Oh yes? Hmm, I can.He knows I'm naked under this thing.He could unzip me to seeif I'm smuggling anything.Passport.I've heard all aboutthe way they search.God, he'd do it too. A randy sod.Only myself to declare.Anything to declare?Eh, what did I tell you?Nothing at all, sir.Nothing but myself as you can see.And very pretty merchandise too.You think? Are you sure?Show me.What?The papers for your motorbike.Well, good.There you go.Come back some time andgive me a ride on your Pan.I promise to hang on tight.Now I'm leaving Raymond'scountry and entering Daniel's.Good morning.How beautiful my lover's country is.Such architecture.Your body's like aviolin in a veil of a case.Daniel, oh, Daniel.Forgive me.Dress like men!Take the flowers out of your hair!They don't suit you.Poor bastards. Mostly kids.Do they have time to make love?Do they know how?Were you ever a soldier, Daniel?I can't imagine you'retaking orders from anybody.You'd never fall for allthat flag-waving crap.Rise quickly. Burn.- How's that, Daniel?- Idiot.Haven't I told you, a clutch won't lastfive minutes with that treatment.You are just showing off. That's all.Bastard!Timid mice, caught in traps.I'm caught. I run around my little cage.I must ask Daniel why bridgesalways look like mousetraps.He'll know the reason,and if he doesn't, he'llinvent one and I'll believe it.That little space at the end,that's the escape hatchfor the time being.Imagine, I once thought trains were fast.Hmm. That funny little redmountain train chugging away.I felt so happy with Jean and Catherine.They're so bloody uncomplicated.Life could be very simpleand I could enjoy it.Look at his light reading."Schubert Symphony in B Minor."Wouldn't a thriller be more appropriatefor a skiing weekend?Thrillers are too clever forme. I can never follow them.Haven't you any ordinary,common or fun adaptations?Several.He means me.Here we are.Thank you.Come on, darling.Oh, look at the view.- It's beautiful.- Yeah.- Right here.- Oh, okay.- See you later.- See you downstairs.- Okay.- This is mine.A red room. Sexy.Red for danger.- Thank you.- Same to you.Oh, beautiful.My room's next to yours.So?Don't lock your door tonight.Oh, let's make another run! Come on.Oh. No, I've had enough.All right, I'll pack it in too then.Why? Aren't you enjoying yourself?- Not particularly.- Liar.You never do what you want to do,you only do what you ought to do.All right. We'll make a compromise.We'll make one more run.Good, now at last, youadmit what you want to do,but you know what you ought to do?- No.- You ought to tell meto shut up and do what you want to do.Oh, darling.If you weren't always so reasonable,you wouldn't drive meinto being such a bitch.You should get yourself anothergirlfriend, somebody nice.Not like me.Oh, Rebecca.Who is that man staringat you at the bar?Do you know him?I think I may have seen himcome into my father's bookshop.Stupid!You can't put Oscar Wildenext to Charlotte Bronte.That would cause an awful scandal.Where does it go then?Next to Bernard Shaw andSt. Augustine, of course.It's odd the bedfellows aman does keep when he's dead.Good morning. Good morning.Uh, I was passing andwondered if that copyof "African Genesis" had come in yet?No, no, I'm afraid not.You see, English publishersare like the almighty.They ignore orders and theyhave no sense of urgency,but I picked up something the other day,I think may be of interest to you.Copy of Sheldon's "Divinity."The Marcel edition?No. Uh, you do know mydaughter, Rebecca, don't you?- No.- Oh darling.This is Monsieur Daniel, um...- Cologne.- Uh, Cologne,from Lausanne, lectures at Heidelberg.Ah, "On Divine Love and Wisdom."Oh, I'm sure I sold youa copy of that last spring.- I haven't read it yet.- Oh, pity.Anyway, Winter is theseason for divine wisdom.As for divine love,that's valued all seasons of the year.And I don't think Rebecca will deny that.Well I'll go fetch the"Divinity."Here we are.I can't wait to get my hands on that.In mint condition.I'll certainly take it. Thank you.Interesting man.Typically Swiss despises German thought,but exploits it.Oh, you're crazy.- Come on.- Oh, no!- Come with me!- Oh, no!Come on, no!Oh, no!I'll give you mine. Come on, come on.- You won't need your own.- Uh-huh, you think so, huh?- I need to go lie down.- Woo.Wait, here I am.- Good night.- Good night.Good night, Raymond.Good night.Here I am.No. No, not this one.White, white for Raymond.No, I can't.Oh no. What's wrong with me?I can't go through with it.Rebecca.Rebecca?Raymond.You must be drunk.I knew you weren't Raymond.I've never been so happy.He didn't even look back.Rebecca?Rebecca?Rebecca, it's me!Come on, get, do you want go skiing?It's 10 o'clock.You have been asleep for hours.How, how do you know I've been asleep?- I came into your room.- When?Soon after we came up,I kissed your nose, but you didn't stir.It must be the mountain air.Yes. Must be the mountain air.Raymond do, do we haveto wait three monthsbefore we get married?It's your father's idea that I qualifyand get that job in-No, that's a wasteI'll persuade him.Let's get married next week.Please, Raymond. I'm frightened.- Frightened of what?- Of losing you.Or myself.If only you knew.And if only I knew for sure.And so they married andlived happily ever after.It's a sick joke.It's mad that we both rushed to marry.Who was the first after leaving school?That fat Giselle.What an unsuitable name.All in white with herlittle hands stuck outof those lace sleeves like pig's trotters.Why did I do it?Better than the bookshop nine to five.24 hours nonstop stuck in a lousy suburb,immersed in Switzerland.And what's the future? Lotsof babies and not much money.Pushing the pram aroundthe local cemeteriesand no escape for one's own self,So why did I marry Raymond?Stop becoming a turd.- Good morning.- Oh, good morning.What have you got on Swedenborg.It was him, of course. A stranger.And he knows more about mybody than anyone in the world.Yes, I purchased a fewmonths ago. Wait a minute."The Humanity and the Redemption."I know I've got it somewhere.- I'll look in the office.- Thank you.I knew it was you.Yes.Well I have the English abridged,but "The Redemption", I musthave it somewhere downstairs.Shall I go and get it for you?No, no, I must get used to lookingfor things myself, huh?Trouble with daughtersis they get married.This one's getting married in a few weeks.Congratulations.She looks rather pale for a bride.You can see she breathesnothing but book dust.If you can spare her for an hour,I'll take her out on my bike.Bring some color to your cheeks.Yes, you go along.Hmm? Why not?Might wake her up a little.Go along. You haven't beenout since you went skiing.I'll have your books readyfor you when you come back.- Thank you.- Right.Off you go.Here we are.Hold tight and put your feet up.And not too fast!She's never been on motorcycle before!Hold tight.Around my waist, put yourarms around my waste.Hang tight.Are you okay?Where are taking me?A place I know.I began to think youwouldn't come again.Well I've returned.It's been two weeks.I thought you didn't want to see me again.That's what I'd think you'd say.What?Not to see you again.- Why did you come?- Shut up!Why did you decide youdon't want to see me again?Was because you didn't like meor because I was engaged to be married?Yes!Which?Two kilometers ago, I said which,because you didn't like me orbecause I'm getting married?Because I didn't like you.Because there's nofuture in it, you mean?Yes.And why did you?Because there is a present.Oh, blasted!I mustn't flirt with thatnegro this time.And he better keep hisfriendly hands off me too.Oh, he's not here. Pity.This one looks horrible.Identity card,papers for the motorbike.How much money do you have?50 marks.I bet he's queer.No luggage?What are you doing in Germany?Just trying out thebike on the Autobahn.In Alsace, the roads are too narrow,too much traffic for safety.What a couple of nasty bastards.Why did I bother to lie?What business is it of theirs?Last time I came, it was so warm.I like to be warm.It was a cold wind that killed my mother,Perhaps it's an omen, this cold wind.Oh, I'm stupid.Champagne! My darling Dionysus!And water for Raymond. Poor old Raymond.I must attract teachers.Both of them, husband and lover.I like the word lover.Raymond obviously knows Ihave a lover and allows me to.Daniel allows me nothing.Treats me like a slave.When he lets me go, he knowsI'm not free even then.What do you teach, Daniel?Philosophy?Psychology?Anthropology?I know! You're a doctor of pornography!I should feel guilty.I know I should feel guilty. Poor Raymond.I was an adulterousteenage bride.Did I marry him because I was a masochist?Daniel said I did. Then he would.Daniel. Whatwas it Daniel said?"In 15 years, there won'tbe any more marriages."I was born too soon. All free love."Free love, free field.We love but while we may." Who?Playboy Magazine, sir?Probably, but quoted from Tennyson.I didn't know they thoughtof free love in his time.What do you think of it?In relation to the alternative, marriage?You get to eat the biscuitwithout having to buythe packet, right, sir?What do you understand by free love?Come on, one of you.It's your generation that will do awaywith the marriage custom.Well, free love asbeing free to love someonewithout a permanent commitment.Not bad, as far as it goes.Free love, love without marriage,love without love.Now for love, let's say, make love. So?Desire without love. Possible?Of course, sir. You can fancya girl without loving her.So what is love?It's the most misunderstoodword in any languageand the most misused.We use it as a blanket to coverall the dark emotions, desire,lust, the need to hurt, to be hurt.But doesn't love make theseother emotions acceptable?If you mean respectable, say so.If virtue is its own reward,then so is sin, right?I suppose so, sir.Then isn't love just aword to make sin respectableto ourselves as much as others?And isn't marriage just aform of protecting ourselvesfrom pointing fingers and wagging tongues?- I suppose it is.- Oh, is it?Then go away. Fall in love.Then come back and tellme how free you are.You'll find there are still afew problems with free love.Oh, what's wrong with free love, Daniel?Oh yes, I see.Poor Girl.Four down and one to go.She looks exhausted, but it'snot vitamin pills she needs.Just like you told me. Daniel,German drivers prefer totravel in convoy like soldiers.What was it you said? "Like lemmings."All of us like lemmings on our wayto the cemeteries, one way or another.I always thought I had identity.No mother, that gave medistinction at school,and a scholarly father.The teachers liked that.Identified by my parents, but no identity.I have no identity.Lost forever in you, Daniel.A randy bitch, permanently on heat.That's what you want, isn't it?You don't care, do you?You're a sadist, my darling.A magnificent sadist.You're a bastard!Bastard!Bastard!Like a bloody mausoleum.Daniel, I wonder if this is where you hideall your dark secrets.God, I must have a drink.There's still time to kill.Oh, still only half-past six.The way you taught me to drink it.A room and a bottle of Kirsch.- Certainly, monsieur.- Room eight, it is open.- Thank you.- He's been here before.Come in.Merci, monsieur.How stupid.Daniel, I do wish you'd teachme to drive a motorbike.I will. We'll start tomorrow.Now remember, treatmachinery as if it were humanand it responds.It's only people who allow themselvesto be treated as machines, right?Let the clutch in gently, no more.Now, give the engine a little throttle.Kick!Now feel it. Hit it into first.Now slowly, turn.Very slowly. Here we go.Turn. Easy, easy.That's good.Little more throttle. Not too much.Take it easy.A little more throttle.No, too much!Easy.Now, change it to second.Hey! And, that's it.- I did it!- No, hey, look!Stop!Look to the right, ease up!You don't have to shout at me like that.I have to shout above the engine!All right, stop blabberingand change gear again.Right, next turning, change down.Don't turn around, idiot!Here, now! Don't look around!Well, how was that?Not bad. Slight improvement.Sit behind.I'll show you how to take the bends.Hold tight.I change down just before I get there.Now, lean into the bend.Don't be afraid.The speed takes me around.- Got it?- Oh, yes.Yes, I think so.- Right, on your own.- No, no, I couldn't.You can do it.Good!A motorbike is closer toyou than any human being,a car, it's something outside of yourself.But a motorbike becomes part of you.You are the sensations,they're in-between your thighs.Has that been theonly love in your life?That's a stupid thing to say.Of course it hasn't,and love is also a stupid word.Always crawling throughlabyrinths of sentiment.Love is a feeling.So is a toothache.What do you do with a toothache?If it hurts too much, you pull it outby the roots then it'sdead, no more trouble.Is that what you did with her?Where is she now?Is she dead?If you like.Daniel, would you marry me?No.Because of her.You said she was dead.It'd still be the reason.Daniel, in three weeks time,I'm going to marry Raymond.I'll note that in my diary.I must send you a wedding present.Just come and look.The most ridiculous wedding presentI've ever seen in my life.Uh, signature.- You can't accept it!- It's out of the question!The man may be well off,but there are limits.You can't accept it! Send it back!Should I, Raymond?Is that what you want me to do?Not if it makes you unhappy.- Do what you want to.- Oh,Merci.Well, you had your chance there, Raymond,and you missed it.I know who is going to be unhappy."Daniel, today is it.I'm going back to France by train.You can keep your bloody bike.""Dear Raymond, darling Raymond.Oh, Christ.The point is I've left you.I mean, I'm not coming back.I can't help it."He never gives me any identity.He never even says that I'm, I'm pretty.My black devil, make love beautifully.Like my red devil, Daniel.You're his ponce, and this bethe harsh and stormy lands of my client.Take me to him, my black panther.Oh, Christ.You bloody fool.You silly little cow to drive like that.You should have beenkilled! And you deserve it.You're quite right. I was a silly bitch.I must pull myself together.Don't worry, darling.I'll keep my body unmangled for you.And I know my body'sall you care about.Why do I do it? Daniel,why do I come here?Because you want to.Because I want to?Yes, because I want you.Does that make me a nymphomaniac?Darling, am I a nymphomaniac?A bit, I suppose.So cunning to give me that motorbikefor a wedding present.If it weren't for that,how else would I be ableto get here?Do you know,all Raymond said was,"I would've thought oneof your father's friendscould have given you a moreuseful wedding present."Poor Raymond.I often tried to tell him.God knows often I tried,but it seemed pointless, too late.And then, I decided to keep the bike.Just to spite you for giving it to me,and then never see you again.How long did I keep that up?- A month.- 15 Days.Not that you'd have noticed.You know why I marriedRaymond in such a hurry?I married him as a protection against you.I tried to make him happy.I tried desperately to forget you.Do you know what I'vebeen doing to get youout of my system?Every night before I go to sleep,I list your faults in my mind,your cruelty, your arrogance,your conceit, your callousness.It's easy to think of them.Then I concentrate on each one.Hoping that when I wake up in the morning,I wouldn't be thinking of you, but I do.And I knew you don't love me.Did you send her roses?Constantly.You never send me any.You'll never love anyone but her,whoever the hell she was.Let's say that I shan'tlove anybody anymore.Let's leave it at that.Don't blow on cold ashes by either one.It gets into your eyes.On my way here. I calledyou a sadistic bastardat the top of my voice, and I meant it.Is that how you see me?Is that the way you want me to be?I don't know. I don't know.Your toesare like tombstones.Thank you.In fact, you're far from irresistible.Then why did you ask me to come?I never asked you to come.You did, my darling.You sent me that wonderful motorbikeand I'm paying for it in installments,but now it's paid in full.I shan't come here anymore ever.I give you 10 days.But you were wrong there, my darling.It was 12 days.I know, I counted them.Typical.Even when they get out into the country,these morons have to sit in their cars.